Timothy Sackton: Here's another old school classic to start the session with
Timothy Sackton: Oh wait, I gotta share my music
Mike Sackton: Legends of the fall sounds familiar, but
David Kong: Only
Timothy Sackton: As the morning dawns on seasons of the cold with a few little clouds in the sky. It's hard to imagine that only a few short days ago you are celebrating as the heroes of Carolina and making a name for yourself staff dancing and XP riding.
Timothy Sackton: The festival rebirth has been one like no other coming in the midst of rumors of devastation to the Sabbath and unknown evils crossing the borders of done
Timothy Sackton: While the festival started on a hope from though the embers of the burden of last year's trying drifting to the west like fireflies leading the way to safety.
Timothy Sackton: Yesterday evening, the town was shattered by a vicious attack while you defeated the bed of nails, the half hyena half humanoid I'm full of hunger and rage creatures, accompanied by
Timothy Sackton: Vicious mouth full of teeth and blood from some other world. It was not without cost as Kenza was brought near death by the fury of the attack.
Timothy Sackton: Now, the next morning in the pre dawn light I missed the chaotic bustle of hundreds and hundreds of people and animals preparing to leave.
Timothy Sackton: Within a few hours. You say your last goodbyes supplied with fresh mounts 10 days of food you gather your gear and turn towards your plans for the journey.
Timothy Sackton: And why you discuss your plans in the journey. I have to go check out the
ericrosenbaum: Next,
David Kong: We bring more than 10 days of food.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: That's not a bad idea.
ericrosenbaum: I sent an email just saying we're likely to encounter like bloodthirsty beasts, again, and also that we know about these lines. I was trying to think about things to bring
ericrosenbaum: In relation to those
Mike Sackton: Salts as a good idea. We could probably get solved.
ericrosenbaum: I mean, if we want to like
ericrosenbaum: Put it down and come back two weeks later.
David Schwartz: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I was
Kate Sackton: I was also thinking along the lines of fire and have already stacked up on some oil.
ericrosenbaum: Oh, boom. Okay, done. Thank you, wise.
Why salt.
ericrosenbaum: Oh, it just kills plants.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Good salt the earth.
David Kong: Would use it for my purpose.
Mike Sackton: To keep the plants from growing back
ericrosenbaum: The divine
David Kong: Oh. Oh, right.
David Kong: Yeah, insanity making
David Kong: Yeah, that's smart.
David Kong: I support that one.
David Schwartz: Do you want to
Book
ericrosenbaum: Actually, I have a weird idea for role playing way to discuss that.
ericrosenbaum: We do that. Yeah.
ericrosenbaum: Come to my attention that there's some disagreement about the pace, we should set
ericrosenbaum: I've taken the liberty of running some numbers. As you can see on these maps. Here are our trajectories marked out in different increments based on our estimated speed.
ericrosenbaum: But I also was not able to determine what the best idea was
ericrosenbaum: So I thought we could solve the dispute using one of these I hold up a stone cube with renick markings on each of the six sites.
ericrosenbaum: So here's my proposal.
ericrosenbaum: We assign
ericrosenbaum: Say,
ericrosenbaum: A rate of travel to each of the six numbers, perhaps that splitting it to finally or we could choose between too slow and fast regime or perhaps a compromise we might choose between three paces, a kind of slow, fast. And you might say, ordinary rate of travel.
ericrosenbaum: In that case, we could assign two numbers to each roll the die and then that way, decide
Mike Sackton: Should we pick. What's best now randomly.
ericrosenbaum: Well,
David Schwartz: This is what else live so long.
ericrosenbaum: But works have more fun.
But
Kate Sackton: Perhaps we should save your tie breaking strategy for if we have a tie in our
Kate Sackton: Discussion on the subject, but if we're an accord on a fast or slow pace, perhaps just decided that that
ericrosenbaum: Or I can roll the dice. We'll see what happens.
ericrosenbaum: If we all agree on the outcome. Then we consider a personal
Kate Sackton: Here we could argue with the day
David Kong: So it seemed that
David Kong: moderate pace might be useful. We don't want to travel.
David Kong: so quickly that we
David Schwartz: Just
David Schwartz: I have not in mind.
Mike Sackton: I think
David Kong: They pick a path to quick we made this
David Kong: You know, we may we may
David Kong: Miss some signs along the road that we should be wary of but we shouldn't be traveling so quickly as to
David Kong: miss any of those signs but not so slowly either. So I'm I'm I'm for a moderate path pace myself.
Mike Sackton: I think we either go fast or slow
David Schwartz: I tend to think we should push hard and then move slow. Once we get there, we can always come slow and forage on the way back. We've got enough food to get there.
David Schwartz: But the question I wonder, also, is do we want to head straight to ravens hold or do we want to try tracking the mall and the nor
Mike Sackton: That's good. I thought we should track the know until, until we know if they seem to be heading towards race.
Mike Sackton: track them for a day and if the track is straight and the direction we would go to get their
Mike Sackton: ride fast.
Mike Sackton: It's open desert. Right. I mean, some of you have been this way. Right.
Timothy Sackton: None of you have been exactly this way if you refer to
Timothy Sackton: Our map the
Timothy Sackton: While we came on this.
Timothy Sackton: And so
Mike Sackton: Different road.
Timothy Sackton: And Kenzo came from telegraph.
Timothy Sackton: And I
Timothy Sackton: See seeker what outcome either this route or maybe across the mountains to chart. And that's why I guess we never really decided has seeker came true.
Mike Sackton: Because you're halfway friends know anything of the road.
David Schwartz: So Tim, sort of assume that I could are already got
ericrosenbaum: A decent sense of what the
David Schwartz: Road at selflessly but they wouldn't have information about coming overland
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so the road is really
Timothy Sackton: More of just a wagon track on an actual read this isn't one of the ancient
Timothy Sackton: Drain Korean roads. It's not paved. It's not well maintained.
Timothy Sackton: But the terrain further north as as you remember when you were traveling east to go Matt like sort of towards the north of the road, the land opens up a bit more and
Timothy Sackton: There's more water more plants. It's more like sort of open stepped on it is really desert dry staff but you know short grass prairie almost instead of so it would be pretty relatively easy going your biggest
Timothy Sackton: Biggest navigation challenges, not so much getting lost, but being you know 10 degrees off direction and hitting the mountains. A days travel or more east or west of where you intended to go
Timothy Sackton: As long as you don't stray too far east into the like you know where this canyon is and is like, you know, badlands where you were before.
Mike Sackton: So I would say we start cautiously in a sense of where these creatures are going see if they
Mike Sackton: Follow, see if their path is a straight path towards
Mike Sackton: Raven told or if it's coming from somewhere. Totally different. Did they circle around from the south. I want to think we should
Mike Sackton: See if we can find that out before we ride hard but if they seem to have been coming from Raven sold
Mike Sackton: I see no benefit and going slowly not going to be surprised and open grassland by a you know it's not doesn't sound like it's the train kind of train where we'd have to be worried that
Mike Sackton: A party will sneak up on you are a group of these creatures would sneak up on us unawares.
Mike Sackton: Even if we're writing fast.
David Kong: Like that planned out
ericrosenbaum: Tim sense to me.
Mike Sackton: Would you like secret to see what the day say
ericrosenbaum: Well, so there's some tracking first and then we'll proceed at if the die is anywhere between one and six a normal pace.
Mike Sackton: fast pace.
ericrosenbaum: Of it a fast pace.
ericrosenbaum: Oh dear.
Mike Sackton: The sooner we get there, the better.
Um,
ericrosenbaum: We did find one recently that riding hard into a situation left us a little bit low on energy
Kate Sackton: Writing
Kate Sackton: Heard, most of the way slowing down.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps a slow start a fast middle and a slow at
ericrosenbaum: Perhaps each day at the beginning of the day, we could roll the dice.
Mike Sackton: And see if we get a 20
Mike Sackton: And our survival check
Timothy Sackton: So last night, right after the battle with you had spent a little bit of
Timothy Sackton: Yes, investigating and
Timothy Sackton: Had seen that the trial is not hidden. It's pretty clear and seen had seen
Timothy Sackton: The trail heading off to the
Timothy Sackton: Off to the north and sort of mark, I guess you would have like marked out. Exactly. So as easy to pick up in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: So if you want to head off that way.
Mike Sackton: I think that's the plan.
ericrosenbaum: Just before we leave.
ericrosenbaum: Full on shoot this one reason.
ericrosenbaum: And I
ericrosenbaum: Had come up with the idea of finding some way to chemically attack the vines and she actually realized that buying oil is totally reasonable I hadn't quite made it to that idea, but perhaps seeing her with the barrel of oil might give me an idea that we should get some more also
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I would say, like, you know, just add whatever you want like oil is sure you can have several flasks oil.
ericrosenbaum: Other. The other thing is, oh, I'm thinking like barrows
Kate Sackton: Laughs
ericrosenbaum: Like hey the flask and really
Timothy Sackton: Like you know you could get I
Mike Sackton: Gotta be
Mike Sackton: Cooking way. All right.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Well what hanging off, I guess, well be his horse that's doesn't really add
Timothy Sackton: He responded and in heavy armor and while be with a barrel of oil, probably about the same amount. Anyways,
Nice.
ericrosenbaum: Okay. And then the other question was if there's some way we could bring bait animals along to like
ericrosenbaum: Lay something out there for deranged bloodthirsty beasts to attack instead of us.
ericrosenbaum: The problem is bringing a herd of sheep might be a little hard.
ericrosenbaum: That would put us in a slow slow pace probably
David Schwartz: Bringing horses.
ericrosenbaum: And we need them to not get
Timothy Sackton: Your yeah
Mike Sackton: Where we have been if our horses get eaten. I think we're gonna have some supply issues.
Um,
ericrosenbaum: Are there any I'm
ericrosenbaum: Native rodents that are used st bread for food or helps
Timothy Sackton: Sure, I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
ericrosenbaum: You know,
ericrosenbaum: Much food.
Mike Sackton: Desert, like a guinea pig.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: jackrabbits you know there's a few things like that. If you want to grab a few cages.
Timothy Sackton: You know, small rodents that would be reasonable.
Done.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So anything else before we start off. And remember, I said, if you think of something. I mean, as long as it's not too wild, you can always bet on you, acquiring some
Mike Sackton: I added a few random things to make
Mike Sackton: A shovel a blanket.
Mike Sackton: Few other things.
Timothy Sackton: So the tracks had
Timothy Sackton: pretty much straight north to begin
ericrosenbaum: Which is not
Timothy Sackton: Which is not quite the direction of ravens ravens holders sort of northeast here.
Timothy Sackton: And, you know, over the course of the morning they sort of meander a bit across the plains. As you approach the
Timothy Sackton: The sort of main
Timothy Sackton: Denmark road and you're writing. I mean, a few of the, sort of, at this stage, enough, enough of the people leaving carola have
Timothy Sackton: Gathered and and some had left before you know before dawn. And so you're passing people on the on the road. I mean, it's not exactly following the road. But you can see, you know,
Timothy Sackton: A few hundred yards off as you follow the trail, like you're passing people as they're filing out and and it's getting to the point where it's basically just a long line of people stretching back
Timothy Sackton: Towards care or that you're following as wagons and horses and herds of sheep, and herds of goats and, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Basically every animal and and person in the town is now sort of on the road and by
Timothy Sackton: Let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Distance here so
Timothy Sackton: I would say, By mid day you know the
Timothy Sackton: Or early afternoon the tracks cross the main road.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of ancient trade road that leads across Dunmore that has, you know, that was built long ago and the ages of the drink Korean empire.
Timothy Sackton: And had sort of North West, a little bad but but seem to be kind of meandering right like it's not following a straight course anywhere.
Kate Sackton: By clicking
Timothy Sackton: On. Oh, he's heading.
Mike Sackton: Tracks or the
Timothy Sackton: The tracks the track the tracks of
Timothy Sackton: Creatures that you're following
ericrosenbaum: Can we differentiate the noles in the malls.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
ericrosenbaum: But they're quite they're
Timothy Sackton: traveling together.
David Schwartz: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Four legs two legs.
Timothy Sackton: Right, although some of the and also the, you know, it's like. Pause
Timothy Sackton: You know, five spike cloth things
Mike Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: But they're definitely traveling together.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, towards the end of blog actually for after lunch. Can you make another check
ericrosenbaum: Who's that for
Timothy Sackton: Now with them while
Mike Sackton: While be it's out to you that was stealth try survival.
Mike Sackton: There you go.
David Schwartz: A very nice.
Timothy Sackton: mid, mid afternoon sort of just past the road.
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: Come to an area where
Timothy Sackton: It seems like
Timothy Sackton: You know they slept possibly or
Timothy Sackton: It's not exactly main camp, but there's signs of a kill, there's a
Timothy Sackton: Mostly dismembered and eaten antelope, and you know area where
Timothy Sackton: Some group of creatures slapped
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: They're also seems to have been
Timothy Sackton: It's hard to tell if it was a scuffle or
Timothy Sackton: Just sort of subduing an animal, but there's a lot of tracks kind of
Timothy Sackton: crisscrossing this way and one
Timothy Sackton: Set of tracks leads to the
Timothy Sackton: North West, roughly, and another Leads, Leads to the north east
Timothy Sackton: Going to the
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, are the
Mike Sackton: Eyes it mas and knows both ways.
Mike Sackton: Or Monterey knows the other
Timothy Sackton: Their tracks, leading to the northeast are
Timothy Sackton: Bigger
Timothy Sackton: More creatures than what you just been tracking to the west ish northwest.
Timothy Sackton: A smaller group of just Knowles
Mike Sackton: So it's like a smaller group met a bigger group.
Timothy Sackton: Or they all came
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can't tell whether a big group met a small group and then
Timothy Sackton: The direction that the groups are traveling is a little bit unclear, but there's a big group that's going northeast as a small group that's going west ish and there's a small group that's going towards care of
Mike Sackton: Any signs of bodies.
Timothy Sackton: Just animals.
Timothy Sackton: And antelope, and some some smaller
Timothy Sackton: Planes creatures.
David Schwartz: To the number of
David Schwartz: The number of correct so right.
Timothy Sackton: Now there are more attract as a larger group heading northeast.
Mike Sackton: It's like a large group came from the northeast disagreed about direction and then some of them went off to the west and some of the ones, South Carolina.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I mean, whether that's definitely what happened that's at least fits the facts right
David Schwartz: Well, we will say I'd hoped. Following the tracks will give us fewer trails to follow. We seem to have more possibilities.
Mike Sackton: Do we know how long ago. Can you tell how old this is
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so I mean yes with a 23. This is
Timothy Sackton: This is just yesterday, this or maybe two days ago.
Timothy Sackton: This is the same individuals that you are
Following
Mike Sackton: But I mean I guess what I'm trying to say is if we if we went after the ones that went west. They. It wasn't like it was
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's been what 1224 hours since they attacked
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But we're probably moving faster than them. Right.
Mike Sackton: Or hard
Timothy Sackton: Moment, you're not
Mike Sackton: No, not
Timothy Sackton: Not why you're tracking for sure.
David Schwartz: Movement not slept. I mean,
David Schwartz: Yeah, could have been moving full 24 hours at their maximum
ericrosenbaum: We saw those Knowles move very fast in combat.
David Schwartz: They're headed for took read on.
David Schwartz: Think we
ericrosenbaum: Should we try to mourn the evacuating
ericrosenbaum: Column.
Mike Sackton: How would we
We might
Mike Sackton: Do that with
More
Timothy Sackton: There's yeah there's probably something, it's hard to tell exactly, but you're probably not looking at more than
Timothy Sackton: 10 tracks.
ericrosenbaum: And
Timothy Sackton: Creatures heading west.
Timothy Sackton: Pot possibly some. There are some animal tracks that seem mixed up in this as well.
Timothy Sackton: You know, whether they're
Timothy Sackton: Driving antelope.
Timothy Sackton: Before them or sheep before them, or whether it's something following them as a little bit hard to tell but
Mike Sackton: It's
Timothy Sackton: Always something like eight to 10
Timothy Sackton: Tracks heading west and you know like a duck, you know,
Timothy Sackton: 15 or so coming from the northeast.
Mike Sackton: So yeah, okay. So it seems like in the Northeast is towards Raven. Oh.
That's
Mike Sackton: I think
Mike Sackton: As painful as it is.
Mike Sackton: We have to just leave the
Mike Sackton: evacuees to their
Own defenses.
Mike Sackton: Even if we pursue to the West as fast as we could. It's not clear. We would catch them.
Mike Sackton: In time to be any help.
David Kong: I realized it's actually
David Kong: Something that
David Kong: Maybe we did or did not talk about before we left the town, but how
David Kong: Do they do like long distance communication in this world, like is there a version of, like, you know, the Ravens from grant Game of Thrones, or whatever, like here. Like, what do they, what do people. Is it just horseback. I want to get word from your chart and is it just like horses or
signifiers.
Timothy Sackton: So there's I mean magic is one way
Timothy Sackton: They're done Mari don't have any kind of
Organized
Timothy Sackton: For
ericrosenbaum: Posts system.
Timothy Sackton: People you know there are rumors of
Timothy Sackton: Halfway through have
Timothy Sackton: Substantially longer rage.
Timothy Sackton: Ability just
Timothy Sackton: A messages then is
Timothy Sackton: Typical so sometimes people
Timothy Sackton: Send message and see it happening.
Timothy Sackton: Tomorrow tend to just ride fast right we're talking about, sort of, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Pony Express type
Timothy Sackton: Right, right. They have
Timothy Sackton: Way stations set up in the more settled areas and so they can they can probably cover 100 Miles 70 miles a day by horseback with fresh mounts, which is going to be more than a raven can cover anyway so
Timothy Sackton: At least here, it's
Timothy Sackton: Fast tours almost entirely and if anybody wants to get a message to try it. And it's almost always be a magic.
Timothy Sackton: Or horse to the coast and then boat North
David Kong: Okay, so we wouldn't have there. There's no, there's no way to warn them if
Timothy Sackton: You wouldn't have like carrier pigeons.
Mike Sackton: Ready, where
David Kong: Are you right
Timothy Sackton: Game of Thrones style ravens to send a message with
Timothy Sackton: All right.
David Kong: And a loss like what's
David Kong: Seems like it is.
David Kong: That's that's the move.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
ericrosenbaum: So we ride hard from here.
Mike Sackton: I mean, how if we plot on the map. I mean, are they heading towards Raven old if they kept going in the northeasterly direction.
Timothy Sackton: In that in that direction. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, then yes, I think.
Mike Sackton: We should right
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it's you know it's
Timothy Sackton: With the time kind of
Timothy Sackton: Looking around this camp area and
Timothy Sackton: You know, the time it takes track is tracking and everything. It's, it's, you know, late afternoon, you can get another couple hours of riding.
Timothy Sackton: Today, and then make camp and. And at that point, you're probably, you know, if you ride straight for Raven hope from here just sort of dead reckoning based on your sense of where you are.
Timothy Sackton: On the map and then, you know, forget about the road or something and just trust to your, your dead reckoning, you're probably talking about for, you know, four to four and a half days.
Timothy Sackton: At a hard ride.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to, you know, refined the road, it's probably gonna and just follow the road, it's gonna take you an extra day basically
ericrosenbaum: The road is off to the west.
Timothy Sackton: You could have East till you hit the road and then take the road north to ravens hold or you could just head straight northeast, which would have you crossing the road like about their
Timothy Sackton: About their
Mike Sackton: Where are we right now.
Timothy Sackton: You're like here.
Timothy Sackton: For this tree is
Mike Sackton: Nicely so we
Timothy Sackton: You go east and then you go north and then you go here or you just cut a straight line crossing the road there and ending up in Raven sold
Mike Sackton: I think we take the straight line. But I mean, do we have any way of knowing for crossing the road at the right place.
David Schwartz: Yeah, now
David Schwartz: I mean,
David Schwartz: I make the case I'm
David Schwartz: cartographer and have a
David Schwartz: Sense.
David Schwartz: I mean, so I mean to put in numerous 20 Miles probably where we
Timothy Sackton: Can certainly, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Just, you know, use just, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Use dead reckoning to figure out if you've gone way far out of line right I'm
David Kong: Sure it's dead reckoning skill.
Timothy Sackton: I just mean like if you know your direction and your pace, you can figure out where you are in a map without reference to landmarks.
Right.
David Kong: Well, I would also say to me, I think.
David Kong: At this point, we kind of
David Kong: Like, well, these the protests right
ericrosenbaum: Yeah yeah
Mike Sackton: Yeah, if you think you can see like, what do
Mike Sackton: You
David Kong: Like the whole time was rattling I'm guessing we kind of differ a little bit
David Schwartz: On on these types of
Matters. Yeah.
David Schwartz: In this plane of existence.
ericrosenbaum: Nice.
David Schwartz: I'm
David Schwartz: The only reason I can think to take the road is the chance of running as travelers coming down or overtaking people going, or we don't know of any so I don't know if that hypothetical possibility is worth the loss of time, but it's worth mentioning.
Mike Sackton: Now, I think, the sooner we get there, the better.
Kate Sackton: And if we run into any on the road when we're crossing it
Kate Sackton: Or if we take it for a little ways healthy closer to whatever has happened. So the have fresher news.
David Schwartz: Good thing I've been thinking of with ravens whole, this, this, this, there's this back entrance into it right from underground from the Torben minds, there's some way
David Schwartz: For me to be looking at the two dwarfs wondering you know how to do.
That
ericrosenbaum: Reasonable question.
Kate Sackton: Well, since that you are a central america target for and that sparked my memory. I realized that haven't shown you the maps that I that my uncle drew
Kate Sackton: And they don't create any landmarks for me to follow, but perhaps with your site familiarity with the region, something could come to mind.
David Schwartz: With them up.
ericrosenbaum: Yeah, that sounds great.
Kate Sackton: Technologically wise.
Timothy Sackton: I did it.
Kate Sackton: You did it. Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: It's I enroll 20
David Kong: But you have to refresh the screen.
Timothy Sackton: Click on the little
Timothy Sackton: Click on the little newspaper icon.
Oh, yeah.
Map nice paper.
ericrosenbaum: Where
Timothy Sackton: Top right newspaper icon.
Timothy Sackton: So this is you're talking about this, you've now camp for the night after your first day of travel.
Timothy Sackton: And risk when brings out these two maps.
Well,
David Schwartz: Excellent.
Promising
David Kong: How large is ravens hold
David Kong: The whole the whole complex
Timothy Sackton: None of you have ever been there.
David Kong: But based on these maps. We have a
Sense.
Kate Sackton: Based on our history. It was a significant trading post have multiple races. So I'm thinking fairly
Kate Sackton: Substantial
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so I mean
David Schwartz: Like
David Schwartz: A flash of the image.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah, so I guess between all that, you know, it's probably
Timothy Sackton: You know this like outer wall might be half a mile across
Timothy Sackton: Right. And you're talking this whole sort of valley area is, you know, maybe a mile by
Timothy Sackton: Three, you know, a mile by a half mile
Timothy Sackton: In area. So, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Not insubstantial the fortress itself. Hard to say. None of you really know it would have been home to, you know, something like
Timothy Sackton: You know 100 dwarves at any one time with space for
Timothy Sackton: Markets and
Timothy Sackton: Mining and crafting as well and
David Kong: Underground, who knows how big it is.
Timothy Sackton: This would be that. So the there's like the dwarves in
Timothy Sackton: The castle is the done Mari outpost and then
Timothy Sackton: The River and the dwarves and canes are on the other side.
ericrosenbaum: So it's like
Timothy Sackton: The, the Denmark fortress.
Timothy Sackton: And the Durban outpost are across the valley from each other.
David Kong: So this is the human side. This is the Denmark side.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, the castle.
Timothy Sackton: on my side on the right.
David Kong: Build freaking
Timothy Sackton: The big fancy road that goes across that people would, you know,
Mike Sackton: Back and forth on before the war.
Mike Sackton: Where all the vines and various other deadly things
Timothy Sackton: To me now and I forgot past the outer wall.
Timothy Sackton: The Ottawa, but he never got
Mike Sackton: Past report.
David Schwartz: So the vines the vines, though we don't know that there's the full extent of it, but we know for sure that just inside that other wall like where the river frozen. There's like a huge yields of them there.
David Schwartz: So it doesn't guarantee that going through the mines would avoid everything but we definitely avoid
David Schwartz: At least
David Schwartz: That field of science.
ericrosenbaum: There's a note about the secret entrance to the door and outposts perhaps being
ericrosenbaum: Hidden or maybe booby trapped
ericrosenbaum: Also marked as hidden exit and entrance
David Schwartz: In among words.
ericrosenbaum: Good question. Historically,
ericrosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Right, so it's probably
Timothy Sackton: More likely a
Timothy Sackton: escape route.
Timothy Sackton: Rather than have the right
Back door.
Timothy Sackton: Right. So as a way for the doors.
Timothy Sackton: To just have them have not
Timothy Sackton: Just one exit instead of
Timothy Sackton: A way for people to get in.
Timothy Sackton: But presumably if somebody can go out that somebody can come in.
Timothy Sackton: As well. Right. But like you can have a one way
ericrosenbaum: I guess you could have a one my
Door.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't think about
Kate Sackton: That's why I wasn't
Kate Sackton: thinking of it as a entrance. They wouldn't know how to find it. To begin with, but also my mindset was just that of the sort of custom that it was
Kate Sackton: an escape route next it and not
Kate Sackton: I'm all for repurposing things to make them useful but
Kate Sackton: Not sure about our prospects and getting in that way.
ericrosenbaum: And the next
ericrosenbaum: Post north on that long road North might be hundreds of miles to the north.
Timothy Sackton: It could be yes.
David Schwartz: off ramps every couple of miles or
Something
ericrosenbaum: So then there's the seal ourselves up in barrels at the top of the waterfall approach.
Timothy Sackton: How many bells. Did you bring
David Schwartz: With you all
ericrosenbaum: So, so we're on fire during the descent, hear me out.
Kate Sackton: It protection.
Timothy Sackton: Although actually
Mike Sackton: Should we get there first.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that maybe that's smart.
ericrosenbaum: Yeah. The only question being, whether we
ericrosenbaum: Try that mean front gate or try to like go up into the mountains and make our way around the back but
Mike Sackton: Well how steep or the wall. I mean,
ericrosenbaum: It could be extremely helpful. Yeah.
David Schwartz: I'm gonna pretty on the assumption that if there's an exit. There must be a path to get you from the exit.
David Schwartz: Somewhere right and a path that doesn't you know that goes over the mountains, presumably
David Schwartz: But that's a big. I mean, that's a big guess
David Schwartz: Well,
David Kong: Also, as we have no sense of who Raven holds occupants are
David Kong: If there are any if
David Kong: They're looking for anybody.
David Kong: Once we start getting closer. Might we consider a stealthier approach and perhaps
David Kong: And a few of us ahead ways to investigate.
David Kong: without drawing as much attention to our party.
Mike Sackton: Let's cross the road.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. And then you see
David Kong: It soon as we've been going have we noticed anything else. Weird. Other than like these tracks like, you know, I think we're all kind of trying to pay attention, just to see if there's any
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: You're crossing. So as you got a little further north of
Timothy Sackton: The character of the land is is changing. And actually there's a bunch of flowers and bloom, kind of like my background.
Timothy Sackton: You know, you've got this sort of more just kind of vast expanses of of of grass and it's actually quite pretty, you don't, but nothing. I mean, right now, you're still
Timothy Sackton: Are north of carola you know in the distance, you can still see the clouds of dust from people heading west down the road, even as you've kept and you can see the you know the fires of people sign up camps and and you know kind of settling in for the night as they're
Timothy Sackton: As they're traveling West, so you don't feel like you've gotten
Timothy Sackton: really far away from
Timothy Sackton: You know, from the sort of from civilization yet.
Timothy Sackton: So it hasn't seemed like there's much out of the ordinary. But as you had North obviously things might change.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so in the morning, um,
Timothy Sackton: Let's see, well be and
Timothy Sackton: Down with give me survival checks are you still trying to follow the trail or are you
Timothy Sackton: Just heading heading straight
Mike Sackton: I think we're just gonna head straight right
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you
Timothy Sackton: In the morning kind of look over your maps a bit and figure out a course.
ericrosenbaum: To hold
Timothy Sackton: To head as directly as possible from where you
Timothy Sackton: Think You Are towards
Timothy Sackton: Raven told and then just, you know, push yourself.
Timothy Sackton: Writing as hard as your mounts can take without exhausting you or them.
Timothy Sackton: And, you know, traveling over the planes. It's
Timothy Sackton: You're not at this point, not trying to be silent or hidden at all. But of course,
Timothy Sackton: You have great visibility.
Timothy Sackton: And as the sun rises in the day and you as you, you know, pass through these sort of open claims cleanse and start to ride North
Timothy Sackton: You do occasionally see it seems like you are basically following the trail of those of the creatures, and although you're not really paying attention to the trial, but you do occasionally pass, you know, a pile of of ripped to pieces, bones, you see a few herds of antelope.
Timothy Sackton: Out here on the plains, that seems to be one of the main things that these creatures have attacked
Timothy Sackton: And it seems like the group has been traveling pretty you know obviously you would have missed any, you know, small groups that laughter or anything.
Timothy Sackton: Like that, but
Timothy Sackton: You know, it does seem like
Timothy Sackton: This group was traveling at
Timothy Sackton: A sort of a hard pace in a straight road at this stage.
Timothy Sackton: And as the, you know, as the day passes and, you know, continue writing on these plans, you do see
Timothy Sackton: It's it's subtle, but there are some signs that you know everything is not quite right, beyond the the dead animals, you see.
Timothy Sackton: Very
Timothy Sackton: Virtually no people this is this is
Timothy Sackton: Good grazing land and normally people would be dispersed across this territory and their horses in the eating all this grass, you're riding through Stephen goes to be prospering.
Timothy Sackton: And this, you know, it would be hard to ride a day without with seeing nobody
Timothy Sackton: But it seems that
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: Everybody's got the message that if you, you know that the planes are sort of almost eerily silent, even though you know that our herds of animals that you see seem
Timothy Sackton: Nervous and skittish and staying far away from you as as you're
Timothy Sackton: Writing quickly through the day.
Timothy Sackton: And as evening approaches.
Timothy Sackton: sunsets.
Timothy Sackton: Having traveled
Timothy Sackton: Made quite good time, you're probably now.
ericrosenbaum: You know,
ericrosenbaum: Three days.
Timothy Sackton: From ravens hold and should be crossing the road tomorrow.
Timothy Sackton: The next day,
Timothy Sackton: As you continue
Timothy Sackton: Holding this course.
Timothy Sackton: You see,
Timothy Sackton: ahead of you a cloud of dust.
Timothy Sackton: As you seem to be approaching the road, it seems, somebody is something anyway is heading down the road.
Timothy Sackton: They're probably still at least a mile off, or
David Kong: It is our way.
Timothy Sackton: They're heading government
ericrosenbaum: They're coming from the North.
Timothy Sackton: Coming from the North. Yes.
David Schwartz: Amen.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you're now you're probably three miles off from seeing them. You just, you're just seeing the dust that's being kicked up by somebody something
Mike Sackton: But is it like
Mike Sackton: 100 people
Mike Sackton: 10 people, one person.
Timothy Sackton: Because small group. Maybe I had half dozen at most.
David Kong: It's the dust look friendly or evil.
Kate Sackton: The way we're traveling, are we creating an equally visible part of test or
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely. I mean, you're grabbing
Timothy Sackton: Everything you probably actually because you're writing across grass and not on the road and so
Timothy Sackton: You wouldn't be
Timothy Sackton: You wouldn't be nearly as possible. That's a good point.
Timothy Sackton: I was
Timothy Sackton: Shot whatever is coming down the road hasn't seen you.
ericrosenbaum: I wonder if there's any place we can hide inside of the road that we might watch without being seen.
Timothy Sackton: I mean,
Kate Sackton: Not all of us in our horses.
Timothy Sackton: You can certainly try
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it's pretty flat terrain here so
Mike Sackton: You know the grass is not tall.
Timothy Sackton: Grass right Robbie would have a good shot of cracking down on the grass, but there's
Timothy Sackton: Probably no way to hide your horses.
Unless
ericrosenbaum: Unless trench.
David Kong: We totally can make a trench.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, if you had a 10 foot trench, they'd be invisible.
David Kong: I mean I feel like hiding is not a bad idea. Right now, if you have no idea what this is and
Mike Sackton: We could also split up some people could hide and other people could stay
Mike Sackton: Just for the worst is
David Kong: Actually a
David Kong: Both Bobby and I think
David Kong: Our
David Kong: Our been on the sneakier side, we could advance forward and try to get a better look of what's coming down the road, while everybody else stays near the horses.
Mike Sackton: I can also hide quite, I can hide any one of us quite well.
David Kong: Okay, great.
David Schwartz: All of these are excellent prudent plans and
ericrosenbaum: See you proposing that we number them.
ericrosenbaum: Convenient.
David Schwartz: I think though.
David Schwartz: The beast that we've seen so far haven't followed the way
David Schwartz: So you could coming down the road. It's some kind of a person. And if it's friendly person, then we're talking to them. It's not a friendly person and we shouldn't let them go past
Kate Sackton: They might be a little bit easier for come if they're unfriendly. We have the element of surprise.
ericrosenbaum: I agree with that.
David Kong: Perhaps yeah what
Kate Sackton: Were the element of surprise backup.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, perhaps the dwarves ride forward on their own REST OF US hide your by
David Schwartz: What is the road at an unexpected 10 foot trench and it
ericrosenbaum: Could brew unpleasant anyone barreling down it.
Mike Sackton: Fast
Timothy Sackton: Make a perception check
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Doing this
Timothy Sackton: It's
All
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Well, I'll be rolled. Okay.
Kate Sackton: I do
David Schwartz: I feel like a collective perception is like we are they coming towards us.
Or away from
Timothy Sackton: 13 not bad. That's true.
Mike Sackton: You click on K, just click on perception and then there's a button in the top right hand corner that says beyond 20
Kate Sackton: I
Kate Sackton: I'm looking for perception. I looked for
Mike Sackton: Your skills. They're alphabetical.
Mike Sackton: In the big section in the middle that starts with acrobatics.
Oh, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: So well be as your sort of
Mike Sackton: Trying to gauge their pace. It's
Timothy Sackton: Actually not that they're moving super fast. But there seems to be a number of animals following them that's mostly what's picking up the dust.
Timothy Sackton: So they seem to actually not be moving in a rapid pace towards you and
Timothy Sackton: The cost is just because it seems like there's a relatively large group of
Timothy Sackton: smaller animals.
Timothy Sackton: Kind of following along behind this.
Timothy Sackton: Party.
ericrosenbaum: herders
Mike Sackton: Although hers would usually be walking behind
ericrosenbaum: Interesting.
Mike Sackton: To hurt them.
ericrosenbaum: We didn't discuss a very odd thing that happened.
ericrosenbaum: A few days coaches that Ender tried to walk toward
ericrosenbaum: Combat that we were in maybe toward the noles or the MAS themselves.
Kate Sackton: It. When did it the MAS dragged along and chanting, pray, just sort of
Kate Sackton: Our following heard, but then we observed those tracks where the antelope or with them when it was just a group of no I
Kate Sackton: Didn't I wasn't sure that was what was going on.
ericrosenbaum: Oh,
Kate Sackton: Bring a mods.
ericrosenbaum: Was that the case that there were no mas there.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Mike Sackton: They didn't go to the west.
Timothy Sackton: West
ericrosenbaum: So I think
ericrosenbaum: Anyway, it could be that
ericrosenbaum: There's a
ericrosenbaum: scenario where enchanted animals are following these
ericrosenbaum: Creatures
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you're still like three, four miles away from crossing the road. So you're quite Justin.
Mike Sackton: I say we, I mean, all we can do is head towards the road at an intercept. Well, we'd like to get to the road. I think we should aim to get to the road further away.
Mike Sackton: Like, in other words, rather than aiming directly for an intercept aim to be somewhat south so that when we intercept them. There's more when we get to the road. There's more time before they
Here.
David Kong: I'm
David Kong: Also might still not be wise for one of us to go ahead and try to scout
Kate Sackton: For dropping that
Kate Sackton: I mean secret, and I could
Kate Sackton: Just sort of
Mike Sackton: I mean, three or four miles.
Mike Sackton: I should get closer, before we send a scout
David Schwartz: To the road and then I'll
David Schwartz: See if I can
Timothy Sackton: So when you say you're, you're, it's like a
Timothy Sackton: Triangle right to your three three mile this way. So if you do the side of the triangle you would you would cut them off. Maybe I'm out the road and maybe a mile before they get to you for half an
Hour.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see. What can you make out from a mile.
Mike Sackton: But let's. I mean, it would be good to try and confuse the issues are watching us. You know, we should got brought by knocks. Those are totally invented right
Timothy Sackton: You might be able to track down a spyglass but that would be
Timothy Sackton: Expensive when be something somebody would just give you
Mike Sackton: I was saying we should try to confuse the like we don't want it to be obvious that there's
Mike Sackton: Five of us writing courses.
Mike Sackton: Like if we can
Mike Sackton: If we can. I mean, they're probably going to notice the horses. But if we can try and make it so that they might not notice
Mike Sackton: How many people there are
Mike Sackton: Right, like a group of two with five horses wouldn't be particularly surprising.
Kate Sackton: Mega
Timothy Sackton: pack animals. Right, right.
David Kong: This might be a touch of a wreck content, but I feel like we're going to be traveling on all these grassy these planes and the desert and lagging it's all this Flatland, you got to see far ahead.
David Kong: I don't think it'd be so crazy for wellbeing to have acquired a spyglass that you know if he needed some money for cancer could have chipped in for
David Schwartz: Money.
David Kong: We do.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
David Kong: You some money, some money for Spyglass cuz
Timothy Sackton: I don't even know.
David Schwartz: I think of the spyglass here my character sheet.
ericrosenbaum: Oh, look.
Timothy Sackton: Good for you. You've got my glass.
David Kong: Yes. Alright. Use that shit now.
ericrosenbaum: You might need to get up on Kansas shoulders.
David Kong: Well he's on a horse.
David Schwartz: I feel compelled to mention that in dB on because to the spy glasses of thousand gold.
David Schwartz: Magnified to
David Schwartz: twice their size.
ericrosenbaum: Very good.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
That's
Mike Sackton: That seems a bit weak for
Timothy Sackton: I yeah
ericrosenbaum: I do have
ericrosenbaum: glass blowing so
You know,
Kate Sackton: Think I should be able to improve that.
ericrosenbaum: You're not good at math.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you're not gonna, you know, possibly in charge. And you could acquire a you know a fancy Spyglass that is
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: Equivalent hops to like one of Galileo's
Timothy Sackton: Telescopes or something like that. But, you know, in Kerala, the best you're going to do is
Timothy Sackton: You know twice their size doesn't have to cost 1000 might cost you know 50 gold or something like that, but
Timothy Sackton: You're not, this is not technology that would be certainly in done in this part of Dunbar, you would not be having spy glasses all over the place.
Timothy Sackton: I think
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Sorry. Can I just saw your message.
David Kong: You have enough gold for first Spyglass
David Schwartz: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: I'm, I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say, let's say,
Timothy Sackton: In Donmar, it would be, you'd have a spike it would cost you 100 gold.
David Schwartz: No, I don't have enough gold for Spike Lee.
Timothy Sackton: And you're talking about something that's going to at best.
Timothy Sackton: Magnify something
Timothy Sackton: One and a half time something like
Timothy Sackton: Maybe twice, depending on the light
Timothy Sackton: Basically you're talking about like a leather, you know, some leather to that you can put like glass or in and sort of fiddle with a little bit to get there.
David Schwartz: What else we spend our money on
David Kong: You want you want you want some gold.
David Schwartz: Put in Auckland 50
David Schwartz: Yeah.
David Kong: Alright.
Timothy Sackton: So are you. You're at the road or are you
David Schwartz: Are new to me. Look at these things closely again when
David Schwartz: Other where am I left them.
Timothy Sackton: So as the or mile off, it's definitely
Timothy Sackton: People on horseback in the front.
Timothy Sackton: Being trailed by
Timothy Sackton: Some sort of small animal and then there's, you know, some people on foot in the back.
ericrosenbaum: How many do you want us
David Kong: You want to stay ahead I
Timothy Sackton: Like forums to in the back, something like that. It's
Timothy Sackton: The people if people are moving around. And let's see what like I'm trying to visualize what you can see from a mile away flat plate and
Timothy Sackton: It's not that close. I'd say, basically you can make out at some people on horseback, but with the spyglass but without, you know, it's hard to resolve numbers or
Timothy Sackton: Details.
David Kong: Well, did you want to scout ahead and see what you can find.
David Schwartz: Yeah.
I'll come
Mike Sackton: I'll come with you.
ericrosenbaum: While we're waiting, and I'll just casually make a little blind for us to
ericrosenbaum: Walk the horses into down by the room.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I would take you here that would be take you almost no time at all. You could make
Timothy Sackton: In a minute.
Timothy Sackton: With all the nice least earth for you to move around.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Well be and
Mike Sackton: Dollar
Timothy Sackton: By dollar
Mike Sackton: Let's go.
ericrosenbaum: That's a good trick.
David Schwartz: All right.
Timothy Sackton: Bye, guys. Ah.
David Kong: Nice. Oh so stealthy.
ericrosenbaum: Mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, as you
Timothy Sackton: Begin to creep forward.
Timothy Sackton: You see,
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you notice a couple of things.
Timothy Sackton: Actually first. Can you guys give you two who are seeking forward. Give me Perception checks to
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so I'm
Mike Sackton: using up all my good roles.
Timothy Sackton: As you as you begin to head forward.
Timothy Sackton: You sort of creep towards the road and as you as you sneak. What's the duration of visibility, by the way.
Mike Sackton: When it's an
Timothy Sackton: Hour yeah okay um
Timothy Sackton: As you begin to
Timothy Sackton: Write as you begin to sneak towards the road.
Timothy Sackton: You're sort of heading straight or like that. I guess diagonal towards the things that you saw
Mike Sackton: Our app. Where did we get to the road.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, right. Okay, so you're heading.
Timothy Sackton: Up the road like yes yeah
Timothy Sackton: So as you as you head up the road. I'm
Timothy Sackton: You know your sort of sneaking quietly well be nearly vanished. I'm down with silent and impossible. See, and
Timothy Sackton: The road itself sort of
Timothy Sackton: Its basic. It's not really a road right it's just like a dirt.
Timothy Sackton: Track and there's a few like little bits of
ericrosenbaum: You know, sort of dips.
And
Timothy Sackton: rolling hills.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: Basically, as you begin to sneak forward you see clearly that
Timothy Sackton: You know, these people are
Timothy Sackton: It's
Timothy Sackton: Half a dozen done Mari
Timothy Sackton: Riding on horses with a large flock of goats trailing behind them, and two people on foot.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of running behind the goats.
Timothy Sackton: One or two of them seem to be
Timothy Sackton: Wounded in some way like one of them has his arm kind of wrapped in a sling and the other
Timothy Sackton: Another one has like a bandage around her shoulder, and like blood on her cheeks.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: They're, they're moving as quickly as they can, without courses.
Timothy Sackton: Heading south along the road and the foreign front or I'll say half dozen friends, or six in front seem to be on edge nervous.
Timothy Sackton: Like looking around, but they do not see you
David Schwartz: Oh, and there's still a little ways down the road from us.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you creep to, you know, within a few hundred yards 300 yards, something like that. And you can see all this
David Schwartz: I think at that point, I'll just step out into the middle of the road and raise you know raise a hand to them in a gesture of
David Schwartz: Greeting and
Non threatening this
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: The one in the front.
Timothy Sackton: Sees you obviously and
Timothy Sackton: Pulls up her horse and looks
Timothy Sackton: Quite startled and kind of motions for, you know, for everybody to to stop in and she rides forward and none of them particularly have, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Weapons or anything. She's carrying, you know, a couple of spirits, but they seem, you know, she's not a warrior right these are not none of these are particularly fighters and she
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of looks shocked to see you and rides up and just spots often tomorrow.
Timothy Sackton: What
Timothy Sackton: Where
Timothy Sackton: Who, who are you
Timothy Sackton: What are you doing, what are you
Timothy Sackton: Doing
Kate Sackton: Just to clarify our secret and Kenzo and I just hanging out in a trench with some courses or have we sort of get a sense of what's going on up ahead of us.
Kate Sackton: Like a line of sight did that and decide
Kate Sackton: Down the road.
ericrosenbaum: We can be peeking up over it to see
Timothy Sackton: From a from the bottom of a 10 foot trench a dwarf sitting on that of course is perfectly positioned to see right over the edge.
David Schwartz: Just put it on the table, let's say,
David Schwartz: My companions, and I have been in Kerala this last week, and after a series of attacks. Some coming from ravens hold
David Schwartz: They and I have been traveling to ravens hold try and find the source. It looks like you all may have encountered some of the
David Schwartz: Beast that we saw.
Timothy Sackton: These. I don't know if I'd call these
Timothy Sackton: Creatures
Timothy Sackton: Came across stocks in the night.
Timothy Sackton: Last night you sacrificed.
Timothy Sackton: A third of our flock to
Timothy Sackton: keep them at bay. While we fled. Two of us last horses.
Timothy Sackton: We've heard
Timothy Sackton: The land the entire land rest of the river heart is lost to us and
ericrosenbaum: You're
ericrosenbaum: Crazy.
Timothy Sackton: were fleeing as fast as we can be where if you're heading north
Timothy Sackton: The goats may satisfy them for some time, but
Timothy Sackton: They could still be on the road or off the road Duras six of them and they seemed
Timothy Sackton: Well malevolent is a nice way to put it, vicious
Timothy Sackton: Do not want to see those creatures again.
David Kong: Once we see that that will be in dealt with our like speaking. Can we like.
Mike Sackton: Dallas still on.
Mike Sackton: The side and visible.
Timothy Sackton: You can you can
Timothy Sackton: Pop up and
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, as
ericrosenbaum: Well, right. Yeah.
David Schwartz: Just shut back. Oh, friends, don't worry.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to have like go behind I while they're talking
Mike Sackton: I just want to walk around like keeping keep a watch basically for
Mike Sackton: Anything that might be coming
Mike Sackton: But I'll go past them on the
Timothy Sackton: Spot like further north or
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I just don't trust that you wanted to know how long.
Mike Sackton: That may see think something's gonna happen.
Kate Sackton: I just, I didn't want a scripted for people any more than well they already did.
Mike Sackton: Well, that too.
ericrosenbaum: So as we wrap it up. I'll say.
ericrosenbaum: It looks like some of your companions are injured, can we offer you any of our healing arts
Timothy Sackton: If you have healing, we would not say now.
ericrosenbaum: Bring them to me.
Timothy Sackton: It's so it's the, the two that lost their horses seemed like they were the ones who are most needed.
Timothy Sackton: One of them is not badly off at all. You know, she was scraped up a bit, but doesn't seem to be stuck or bleeding or anything. The other looks like he has a broken arm.
ericrosenbaum: Can
ericrosenbaum: Healing word actually like
ericrosenbaum: Presumably, right.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, if it's, I mean, these are you know
Timothy Sackton: commoners with four hit point. So a broken arm. It's probably to hit points of damage.
ericrosenbaum: Mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry. So, yes.
Timothy Sackton: I'd say if if there, if you fully restored if you restore them to full house, it would it would mend broken arms like that.
Nice.
ericrosenbaum: I draw
ericrosenbaum: A small image of whole glowing bones in the air.
ericrosenbaum: But quickly. So it's not draw too much attention and gently bestowed upon the arm of the person.
Timothy Sackton: He looks like shocked one happy and says,
Timothy Sackton: Wow, he's like touching his arm like he's. I mean, he's seen healing magic before but
Timothy Sackton: In there in his experience. It's usually this like
Timothy Sackton: Like mud stuff that the
Timothy Sackton: You know the peeling mud of care was locally reasonably well known, but just instantaneous
Timothy Sackton: Healing without any touch or anything like that he has not seen before and it's like what around. Wow. Thank you. Thank you, kind dwarf that's
Timothy Sackton: That's amazing.
Timothy Sackton: Finally, we could bring the horses back
ericrosenbaum: I wish we could do more.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you. Thank you.
David Schwartz: Well, where are you coming from for the festival
Timothy Sackton: We are. We were indeed late for the festival
Timothy Sackton: Good grazing and there's
Timothy Sackton: Quite
Timothy Sackton: Well, I wouldn't call it bad weather, there's a storm up north. That seems like it will never end lightning.
Timothy Sackton: Thunder.
Timothy Sackton: And we were caught
Timothy Sackton: Behind a blaze of
Timothy Sackton: fire started by lightning strike.
Timothy Sackton: And how to detour quite far east out of our way to this this road.
Timothy Sackton: As the fire was burning across the plains, as we were trying to come directly to Kerala.
It's
Timothy Sackton: This lightning storm has been there for a week or more. There's no way that's normal. He's sort of looking at you like her, she the one who is the leader like making sure that in fact it's not normal.
Kate Sackton: Normal how far from the mountains or or close to the mountains.
Timothy Sackton: So that's this in the map enroll 20 it's this thing right here. So it's in the it's sort of just south of the mountains, but a good bit west of ravens hold
David Schwartz: Can get any more detail from them about like size or scale or like more precise landmarks around it.
So,
Timothy Sackton: Of course, I never rode up to it, but you can see it on the horizon. Once you get in to the point in which you can see the mountains and you look north, you'll see this towering gray cloud that's just hanging over the foot Helens AND EVERY NOW AND THAT LIGHTNING
Timothy Sackton: blast through the sky.
Timothy Sackton: But I've haven't got any closer to it, then maybe 20 Miles, but it's visible from quite a distance and it just looks it just looks like a
Timothy Sackton: thunder storm but massive 1520 miles across.
Timothy Sackton: Just sitting there on the plains.
ericrosenbaum: And it doesn't move.
Timothy Sackton: Not but I've heard
ericrosenbaum: Do you know what's directly above like what's beneath it.
Timothy Sackton: You couldn't pay me enough to live underneath that
David Schwartz: Poster Ravens. How old were you when you made it to the road.
Timothy Sackton: Less than a day is traveled north of here.
ericrosenbaum: Oh, since we've encountered some of these demons, as you say, ourselves, and we've seen a few varieties. We're curious what kind you encountered. Can you say more about exactly what they were.
Timothy Sackton: They were
Timothy Sackton: Well, I have to admit I didn't get an amazingly good look at them.
Timothy Sackton: But they were
Timothy Sackton: They looked almost as if you took
Timothy Sackton: A human took a person
Timothy Sackton: But replaced his head with that of a hyena jackal.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: The rest of its body. Sort of like a human, except for claws.
Timothy Sackton: Some of them were
Timothy Sackton: You know they have spears, they had weapons.
ericrosenbaum: They did.
Timothy Sackton: Have one hate
Timothy Sackton: When they
Timothy Sackton: Reach to go and we we slaughtered. Some of our goats left them thinking they look like some kind of inner beast, and maybe they would be distracted and it did slow them down enough for us to
Timothy Sackton: Get away.
Timothy Sackton: They seemed they didn't stop and butcher the creatures with their swords or spears, they would just tear into the flash
Timothy Sackton: Of the goats. As we ran and I didn't look back
Timothy Sackton: At that point,
David Kong: And then did you say you saw again.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Six.
Timothy Sackton: They surprised us at night at night.
Timothy Sackton: I'm surprised. We even got away. I think
Timothy Sackton: Gods must be watching out for us.
David Kong: Are they are they headed south chasing after you now.
Timothy Sackton: We have not stopped.
Timothy Sackton: Since we ran from them. We've been traveling South since the middle of last night.
Timothy Sackton: They may be following. I hope not. I don't know what to say.
David Kong: So you should know that the entire that terroir has fled completely west to Tokyo and all folks traveling in the land. And in this area. Now, are all seeing to safety and to grow. So from here.
David Kong: There, there are there are still
David Kong: There are still some mistakes at the temple and carwash and they're staying four to five there so you may be able to find some safety there, you may be able to find some provisions there.
David Kong: Otherwise the the main on all anybody out right now is moving west to to grow.
Timothy Sackton: We are planning on turning West
Timothy Sackton: In another day or so, once
Timothy Sackton: We're more sure of the land.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I am none of us want to stay
Timothy Sackton: Here. Now I had heard that everywhere east of the river has now.
Timothy Sackton: given over to your enemies, whether that's true or not, I don't know, but
Timothy Sackton: That's
Timothy Sackton: That flows past okra.
David Schwartz: How did you hear that, where did you go
Timothy Sackton: From
Timothy Sackton: Rumors
Timothy Sackton: Who told me that
Timothy Sackton: Two days ago.
Timothy Sackton: A rider came north
Timothy Sackton: He was
Timothy Sackton: Let's see my mother's
Timothy Sackton: Sisters cousin in law.
Timothy Sackton: Looking for us, I believe, as we were late for the festival and warned us
Timothy Sackton: Was it two days ago.
Timothy Sackton: I believe it was two days ago. Yes. Now the time blurs together, it's been
Timothy Sackton: Nearly
Timothy Sackton: Well,
Timothy Sackton: Barely slept last night, and it's now been a long day and running on the road so forgive me. Anyway, my mother's sister's cousin in law came looking for us to and told us that
Timothy Sackton: The all the land east of the river are had been
Timothy Sackton: Was no longer defended and
Timothy Sackton: To flee.
Timothy Sackton: So we've been heading south and then last, and soon as we get a little shorter.
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: am worried to stand the road much longer travelers, I greatly. Thank you for your aid, but
Timothy Sackton: We cannot travel
Timothy Sackton: If you got fast and we asked just press on.
David Kong: If you make it to toe Keira send word that that the party that Kenzo and dealt with and
David Kong: Seeker will be
David Kong: Wrestling that we're that we that you encountered us on our way to Raven holds let them know that you saw us
Timothy Sackton: I well
David Kong: Safe travels
Timothy Sackton: Thank you and
Timothy Sackton: I won't stay safe.
Timothy Sackton: I won't say stay safe to you as
Timothy Sackton: I can't imagine you'll be safe if you're heading north, but
David Kong: What do you
David Kong: Need. What do you got
Timothy Sackton: My name. My name is Shawnee
Timothy Sackton: This is most my family.
David Kong: Shawnee and work. Where are you from Denmark. Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: Here we've we've
Timothy Sackton: Raised our goats in the mountains for a generation now.
Timothy Sackton: Good grazing good lands.
Timothy Sackton: I wouldn't say precisely of Kerala, as we typically only spend a couple weeks a year there, but I know people in Kerala.
Timothy Sackton: My
Timothy Sackton: My aunt's family is there.
David Kong: They'll shiny.
David Kong: Be safe and spread word Jenny else any others that you may see on the road to head to toe and hopefully we'll, we'll see you there and safety in the weeks ahead.
Timothy Sackton: So as well.
Timothy Sackton: And she like motions for
Timothy Sackton: Group to head on and and as the writing passion turns back and she says, and if you see any of those creatures.
Timothy Sackton: Well,
Timothy Sackton: I would advise you to run
Timothy Sackton: They are
Timothy Sackton: They are something out of this world.
Timothy Sackton: never seen anything like it.
Timothy Sackton: And then rides off into the distance.
ericrosenbaum: Look back at the stack of creates containing rabbits on my horse and think maybe we should have bought one of their goods.
That's okay.
Kate Sackton: Some people shared you're slowing things down with the pray strategy.
Right.
David Kong: I
Kate Sackton: Want to worry them. Well, they were around but a giant electrical storm seen miles away, could be this side of a hand dimensional rift that could let creatures from another world. True.
Kate Sackton: You mentioned speaker that sort of origin that book. You saw
ericrosenbaum: Wait, what
Kate Sackton: Did she say your book said they were not from this world.
Oh,
ericrosenbaum: Indeed, the mouth creatures, but how they got here.
ericrosenbaum: That's a whole other story.
ericrosenbaum: It's an interesting hypothesis, you're making there though about the electrical storm and interdimensional travel. Maybe we should go there.
Kate Sackton: I'm waving bound
ericrosenbaum: Of course,
Mike Sackton: Think we go to ravens hold first
ericrosenbaum: Indeed,
David Kong: Just in general like as we're traveling, you know, tons of tons of basically as soon as we kind of set up camp, just like will settle into like very intense meditation on this topic of, like, you know,
David Kong: Especially given recent experiences.
David Kong: You know, just, just trying to ponder the fabric of reality.
David Kong: as intensely as possible.
David Kong: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So are you. You're still continuing.
Timothy Sackton: So you're crossing the road here and still continuing sort of northeast.
David Schwartz: We want to
David Schwartz: Try and find these half dozen creatures and
Fill them.
David Schwartz: It strikes me that sooner or later they'll be done eating the goats and
David Schwartz: catch back up again month if they're headed so
Kate Sackton: We would do those people that service and
Kate Sackton: For them not to be pursued me for their and Austin services they decided to turn in our direction.
ericrosenbaum: So are you suggesting we continue up the road really
Mike Sackton: I mean,
Mike Sackton: We must be fairly close to Raven, so
Kate Sackton: We still have another days travel
Timothy Sackton: So you have another let's say this is
Timothy Sackton: There was the day you track. This is the
Timothy Sackton: Second day
Kate Sackton: Baby track the day we were
Timothy Sackton: So, so you have. So you have two days, you have like two and a half days left
Timothy Sackton: Or two and a third day like whatever mid afternoon. Two days after that.
ericrosenbaum: Well, why don't we, um,
Mike Sackton: But if we stay along the road. Are we going towards ravens holder. We
ericrosenbaum: Pretty much, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You're still going. You're I mean it.
Timothy Sackton: At this point, the road is sort of had it, you're like, you're like here, right. So the roads. So it's like you know that verse.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty you you might take an extra half day most
Mike Sackton: So let's ride on the
Kate Sackton: Run into these things.
Mike Sackton: I would stay on the road for for some time to start
ericrosenbaum: Yep.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Continuing
Timothy Sackton: north along the road.
Timothy Sackton: As you you know as you begin to get closer.
Timothy Sackton: You you do or as a sort of continue to travel.
Timothy Sackton: North here, it's hard to of course it's almost impossible to track anything on the road because all you can see if you ever look down is the footprints of about 40 goats.
ericrosenbaum: And
Timothy Sackton: You know, a handful of
Timothy Sackton: People on horses.
Timothy Sackton: But the landscape.
Timothy Sackton: You know, getting a little bit more rolling hills and you can see every now and then you see a glimpse way off in the distance from the north of a few snow capped mountains peeking out in the distance, probably, you know,
Timothy Sackton: 5060 miles away, possibly even a little bit further.
Timothy Sackton: As there are slightly beyond the foothills that ravens
Timothy Sackton: And you can feel the land, you know, shifting a little bit on it's
Timothy Sackton: It's now it's you know it's
Timothy Sackton: It's much easier to find water. Now you can you'll occasionally past like a little golly, or or a little stream. Let
Timothy Sackton: Flowing down. There's even occasional small trees kind of guarding the landscape. I'm
Timothy Sackton: Not many typically just surrounding these little watering holes, but the land up here is much seems much richer and more pleasant than further south and presumably the only reason it's not much more populated is its proximity to the
Timothy Sackton: The border. Right. So as you've come up here, you've now.
Timothy Sackton: The road sort of runs right along the edge of where the old
Timothy Sackton: Magical protection of Denmark is and so
Timothy Sackton: You know, looking across your east to the east as you ride along the road you occasionally see in the distance, just, you know,
ericrosenbaum: You know,
Timothy Sackton: Things that strike you as out of the ordinary. Like, there will be a tree that grows straight up and then sort of twisted on the top with black spikes going on in its in its
Timothy Sackton: You know, out of the top and, you know, at one point, you see off to the west of circle of birds that are flying around in a circle and then
Timothy Sackton: As each one reaches the middle. It just does a dive bomb down in the ground and seems not to not to fly out
Timothy Sackton: It's it feels on easy as you as you travel
Timothy Sackton: So as evening approaches you are
Timothy Sackton: Now at this point, you know, given how much of the day was left and how much faster. You're traveling, you're probably
Timothy Sackton: About
Timothy Sackton: Two days from from ravens hold and about a half a day from where you presumed their camp was and where the you know the fire from
Timothy Sackton: The wildfires are and you can see actually off to the west catching the setting sun like little bit of smoke rising up from the, from the planes to the west can't quite see the storm.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: Surprisingly quiet night.
Timothy Sackton: The land completely still.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing moving no sign of antelope no sign of animals at all.
Timothy Sackton: Hardly any even birds or
Timothy Sackton: Flies or anything moving across the plane.
Timothy Sackton: And there's just this
Timothy Sackton: Sense of
Timothy Sackton: This sort of pause
Timothy Sackton: In the air.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you make camp.
Timothy Sackton: And set to rest.
Timothy Sackton: Around
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, go ahead.
David Schwartz: We notice a sudden change in the music.
Kate Sackton: We think on all of those
Kate Sackton: Four people and we instead of watch
Timothy Sackton: Yes. And Christine said a watch.
Timothy Sackton: On around maybe 3am
David Schwartz: Let's see who's
Mike Sackton: Just Dallas can watch the whole second half of the night.
Timothy Sackton: For more than four hours.
Timothy Sackton: Make a perception check
Timothy Sackton: Flying
David Kong: Flying I don't like this.
Lying
Timothy Sackton: Will use this map is your camp.
ericrosenbaum: And this is the same day as we encountered the travelers.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes, you have not completed along rest.
ericrosenbaum: Of the travelers.
Timothy Sackton: I'm an arrow flies out of the darkness and hits you down with for six points and Pearson damage.
Here.
Timothy Sackton: Hey, I'm the sound of like yes and yells
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, let me just go out these creatures here.
Timothy Sackton: Gotta figure out like
Timothy Sackton: So, ah,
Timothy Sackton: The rest of you are asleep.
Timothy Sackton: And let's roll initiative.
ericrosenbaum: With this being asleep effect initiative.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, now, but it affects what you can do on your turn. Listen, seriously.
Here's, here's the key.
Mike Sackton: You have to put characters on the map, Tim.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Oh wait.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you know, you can put your
Mike Sackton: These rocks actually here.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: No, it's perched on the top of the rock.
Timothy Sackton: I would have been a safe place a good place to put a cap.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, Jesus was that
Timothy Sackton: Okay, now let me get combat sorry that
Timothy Sackton: Tonight that
Timothy Sackton: That didn't get the way. So where did you get
David Kong: I haven't done yet. Sorry, I was
David Kong: Trying to figure something else out. Hold on, let me roll it.
David Kong: Someplace something
David Kong: Others.
David Kong: Nice.
10s.
Timothy Sackton: Oops. Why are there. What did I do
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I messed this up. I'll fix this.
Mike Sackton: There's a lot of extra
Timothy Sackton: There's a lot of extra things here.
Timothy Sackton: That was a 16
Timothy Sackton: Okay, well, I'll be Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: Tao at rest when seeker is, what did you get seeker.
ericrosenbaum: High Road.
ericrosenbaum: Oh, five
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
ericrosenbaum: I guess I was sleeping heavily
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so while being asleep.
Timothy Sackton: And sometimes
Timothy Sackton: There's not supposed to be there.
Timothy Sackton: These are
Mike Sackton: Everybody just moved by a significant
Mike Sackton: Amount, which
Timothy Sackton: I think I put that I think I fixed that.
David Kong: Already the industry guys go oh shit. The fuck was over three dudes kind of South there. Oh my god.
David Kong: They're moving fast. What are these things.
Timothy Sackton: Now, they're not moving. I had put that
Timothy Sackton: I have
Timothy Sackton: Set them up wrong.
David Kong: Okay, so some county to look into looking dudes over there.
David Kong: Great.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and
Timothy Sackton: Turn on or just need to add their time.
Mike Sackton: But it wasn't the party originally inside the rocks.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, the NOT inside the rocks.
David Kong: I don't
See them.
ericrosenbaum: Yep.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Yeah, they are.
ericrosenbaum: Maybe you missed an update.
David Kong: Snaps looking good.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
ericrosenbaum: Need to refresh.
Timothy Sackton: Just zoom, man.
Kate Sackton: I mean, I see this little
Right. Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: You guys moved
Mike Sackton: That was weird. I was like unsinkable
Timothy Sackton: Yeah okay so well be you. I assume
Timothy Sackton: That with yells out
Timothy Sackton: Yes, right. So you start all awake.
Timothy Sackton: In your tent or I guess that role, whatever, to the sound of doubt with yelling
Timothy Sackton: Attack.
Timothy Sackton: It is, of course, dark out there's a moon. So it's not pitch black. But it's dim light.
David Schwartz: I will do that. I mean, can I just immediately start acting or don't like doing to spend around getting out of bed or anything.
Timothy Sackton: you're prone, but you can immediately start acting. I assume you
Timothy Sackton: You have your, you know, your bow in your
Timothy Sackton: All your gear near-ish you
Timothy Sackton: You probably only grab one weapon.
Timothy Sackton: I'm gonna say you sleeping your armor, because
Timothy Sackton: You are in dangerous territory.
David Schwartz: Awesome. In that case, I
ericrosenbaum: Sit.
David Schwartz: Upright in bed.
David Schwartz: Or reach out my left hand without looking reach out my left hand to grab my bow and my right hand to put an arrow.
David Schwartz: And I'm going to move on. I see them like
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yeah. You can see them so
Timothy Sackton: I think dim light technically doesn't imply any combat penalties.
Timothy Sackton: So yes, you can see this
David Schwartz: So we're just sort of on the cover. Awesome. So I'm gonna move like
David Schwartz: Over an attempt to hide behind the rock.
Okay.
David Schwartz: Which I do
David Schwartz: Exceedingly well
ericrosenbaum: Both you and the rock vanish.
David Schwartz: Yeah, and then I'll attack.
David Schwartz: With a bench right
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, so those ones. You can see arm.
David Schwartz: Further to the right.
Timothy Sackton: This
David Schwartz: Oh, sorry. Actually, this guy down here.
Yes.
David Schwartz: So,
Timothy Sackton: That's
Nice.
David Schwartz: Are you
Timothy Sackton: Are you gonna. Are you still prime
David Schwartz: Oh, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you have to stand up, because otherwise you have disappeared.
David Schwartz: Yes, I stood moved
David Schwartz: As my connection and write books.
Timothy Sackton: Yes. Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: This one is currently unseen by anybody. Unless your passive perception is above a 20 day don't think it is.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so ah sort of flying out of the you know the low grass.
Timothy Sackton: two arrows.
Timothy Sackton: Heading again for Dallas.
Timothy Sackton: What's your NC
Timothy Sackton: 17. Okay, so one of the two heads.
Timothy Sackton: Are not three points of piercing damage and
Timothy Sackton: I need you to make a constitution saving throw
David Kong: Is
David Kong: X.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as the as the arrow hits you. It's barmes Pearson to you and you feel
Timothy Sackton: Poison coursing through your body
Timothy Sackton: It's
Timothy Sackton: Have you seen poison in a good way.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't extra two points of poison damage and you are poisoned until the end of your next term.
Timothy Sackton: And that will end this term. It's now of course visible Kensal Europe.
David Kong: All right. How do you guys do this thing where you can see how far away they are
Mike Sackton: You click on the little circle.
Timothy Sackton: Circle with the arrow, arrow.
ericrosenbaum: Looks like a corn kind of top left.
Timothy Sackton: Top left. Ah.
OK.
David Schwartz: Power button that's been misaligned.
David Kong: Yeah, how far can I move right now.
Timothy Sackton: You're proud and so you have to spend half your movement standing up and then you can move your 20 feet of movement left
David Kong: All right.
David Kong: I guess I'll move
David Kong: I'll get up and move
David Kong: Like over here.
David Kong: And
David Kong: Oh wait, actually kind of climb onto the rock climber.
Timothy Sackton: Rock over here. Sure. That kind of says difficult terrain.
David Kong: Cool, thank
You
Timothy Sackton: So you see two over this.
Timothy Sackton: You see two of them over here, this one and this one and then you see the one that well. We just hit with an arrow, but you don't see the other two.
David Kong: Okay, cool. Yeah, I will. I'll try to climb up over here and I climb up on
David Kong: Over here.
David Kong: And then
Timothy Sackton: For us.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that'll use all your movement.
David Kong: All in a bit. Okay. That's fine. And then once I'm here. Can I shoot a dart at the sky. The one that will be shut up.
Timothy Sackton: So that's just at the edge or dark rain so you'll have disadvantage.
David Kong: But you can do. That's fine.
David Kong: All right.
Let me
David Kong: Dart at it.
David Kong: Yes, hopefully.
Timothy Sackton: By disadvantage. So you gotta roll again.
David Kong: What's up that shit.
Timothy Sackton: Mrs is just, just out of range and it just kind of
Timothy Sackton: Doesn't quite
Timothy Sackton: Reach with enough force to hit at
Timothy Sackton: Oops, sorry, are you doing anything else.
David Kong: I know
Timothy Sackton: This one is going to
Timothy Sackton: also send an arrow at
Timothy Sackton: Dealt with
Timothy Sackton: This era was not poisoned.
Timothy Sackton: But it is barbed you take
David Kong: Another Jesus
Mike Sackton: Christ Dallas is going to die in about one second.
Timothy Sackton: And you movement is reduced by 10 feet until the end of your next
Mike Sackton: AC 17 is apparently useless.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the two ones that are hidden had advantage.
Mike Sackton: All right, deltas for hit points last
Timothy Sackton: Brutal ah wrestling Europe.
Kate Sackton: Um,
Kate Sackton: Geez.
Kate Sackton: I was gonna shoot them, but I know I went dealt with around for the next turn. Think I'm gonna
Kate Sackton: Cast your wounds.
ericrosenbaum: Nice.
ericrosenbaum: Good call.
Timothy Sackton: So you can't get
Kate Sackton: I can't
Kate Sackton: It's touch. Oh.
Timothy Sackton: 40 feet of movement to get on top of the rock.
Kate Sackton: Climb up there. Yes. All right. Well, then
Timothy Sackton: If you move to the edge of the rock, you could
Timothy Sackton: You could like ready your actions so that and yell at him like run down here and I'll heal you.
Kate Sackton: But that would
Kate Sackton: How would that work on my turn on, turn
Timothy Sackton: On your turn. You can ready in action. So you can say, I'm going to do this, but I'm going to wait for it to happen until x, so you can
Timothy Sackton: Start captain.
Timothy Sackton: Your ruins and then wait until that with us and range to finish.
Kate Sackton: So,
Kate Sackton: So his
Kate Sackton: Here would take effect on his turn when he's in motion.
Timothy Sackton: On his turn. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: All right, but his time has next so
Kate Sackton: All right, okay, that that works so
Timothy Sackton: What do you have to
Timothy Sackton: Jason to the mock
Kate Sackton: Never
Timothy Sackton: Know that knocked out.
Timothy Sackton: Wrong, wrong. That's wrong.
Kate Sackton: I don't see Dell was person on that rock. This is why I'm I don't know where I'm casting
Mike Sackton: You don't see a token.
Kate Sackton: Well, I saw it on, it was, it was like here.
Kate Sackton: On my
Kate Sackton: So that's why I was like, I don't know what rock.
ericrosenbaum: Maybe you also need to just reload that page.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, try refreshing the page.
Okay.
Kate Sackton: Good.
Timothy Sackton: Anyway, that's where you're supposed to be. So you're now standing up there.
Timothy Sackton: Ready and your actions. So that went out with comes with a range, you get some seven points.
Kate Sackton: To move me. Who did I move me
Timothy Sackton: I do, yes.
Timothy Sackton: All right. Okay.
Mike Sackton: All right. I'll move free
Mike Sackton: So that's half my move.
Right.
Mike Sackton: Get my healing.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I'll drop prone
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So they have disadvantage. Yep.
Mike Sackton: And I have disadvantage, but I'm poison. So disadvantage anyway.
Mike Sackton: I will cast. Hold on.
Mike Sackton: I will cast
Mike Sackton: Hacks.
Mike Sackton: On that guy.
Mike Sackton: And then I will cast blast.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: The one I had text ritual America.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, this one.
ericrosenbaum: I'm just still in my sleeping bag. No big deal.
ericrosenbaum: Like you guys
David Schwartz: Just
ericrosenbaum: had the weirdest dream you
Kate Sackton: Have to turn
Kate Sackton: I know it wasn't a secondary
ericrosenbaum: He was just getting
David Kong: getting shot at
Timothy Sackton: As gonna run
Timothy Sackton: And that is going to
Mike Sackton: The guy who's hacks does disadvantage on Decks
Timothy Sackton: Okay, throw us fear and
Timothy Sackton: I guess Kenzo because while he is lying or Robbie is kind of has cover and
Timothy Sackton: Kenza was standing on top of a rock.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to hit for four points of damage and then he grabbed this creature grabs another two spheres strapped to his back one in his hand tosses one then Yanks and other out and then sort of snarling looking around trying to find something to stab
Timothy Sackton: Okay seeker Europe.
ericrosenbaum: Oh my god you guys was happening.
ericrosenbaum: I was trying to sleep. I'm
ericrosenbaum: I'm, I'm gonna go, Oh, man. So this, this one that just threw a spear spear that is holding. Is it a metallic spear.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: It is
ericrosenbaum: It's like the body of the spear that's in contact with his hand is the middle
Timothy Sackton: Of a spear point is metal, but it presumably has a metal shop running through it to anchor it to the one
Timothy Sackton: Thing. He's holding is actually what
ericrosenbaum: Uh huh. Not clear on how that affects my spell, but okay um
Timothy Sackton: I mean, he's also wearing
Timothy Sackton: He is wearing they're wearing like bits of armor that had like hide armor that has like metal buckles and straps as well.
ericrosenbaum: And I see
Timothy Sackton: The armor might be a safer thing to target them a spear if you wanted to.
ericrosenbaum: It. I can, I can choose that. Okay. Well, first of all, I'm going to try to take cover behind will be behind this rock like here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so one, two, once you stand up. You only can move three squares.
Oh,
Timothy Sackton: You guys are sleeping so you're prone
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So that would get you like here or here or here, you couldn't get off that box you can go behind this rock over here.
ericrosenbaum: I'm not just gonna like or here, I guess.
ericrosenbaum: Okay, um,
ericrosenbaum: And then I'll
ericrosenbaum: I can, I can do inspiration thing right as
Timothy Sackton: Far as action.
ericrosenbaum: As it as a bonus action so I can still do something else after that.
ericrosenbaum: Yo, oh, I'm
ericrosenbaum: Before I run over there I am, I pull a strange coin out of my pocket and and flick it in the air.
ericrosenbaum: Just a couple of feet in the direction of this nearest no
ericrosenbaum: End up like here or something.
ericrosenbaum: Try to get one of the rabbit cages on to it.
That's gonna change.
ericrosenbaum: And I move as well.
Timothy Sackton: You can move and you can do a bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: You won't be able to also have this
ericrosenbaum: Okay, so we're gonna we're gonna put the the coin flips into the air and then vanishes and is replaced by a, what is it three feet wide.
Timothy Sackton: Floating
Timothy Sackton: A rabbit on
ericrosenbaum: Three feet above the ground.
ericrosenbaum: The rabbit appears to be just hovering basically
ericrosenbaum: Yes, and
Timothy Sackton: Coin like stretches out. So it's like a thin sort of copper
Timothy Sackton: Hovering so it's basically you're serving up a rabbit on a fancy copper platter.
ericrosenbaum: That's my intention 100%
ericrosenbaum: And then I run around behind will be and then I shut up to Kenzo
ericrosenbaum: Hey, this might make your, your darts go boom and I draw a little tiny explosion there and and and flick it in the direction of Kansas head where it arrives and begins to orbit inspiring.
David Kong: So let's just happened to me so
ericrosenbaum: That's my roommate inspiration.
David Kong: Which means what happens
Timothy Sackton: If you vault and decide you don't like the role you can roll a D sex and add it to the world. Anytime you will
David Kong: Only one. So it's like
Timothy Sackton: The rest of us quite what one time.
David Kong: Got it, okay.
Timothy Sackton: But you can choose any role in the next 10 minutes
ericrosenbaum: And then also, when you do that after that you can
ericrosenbaum: Get this destruction or protection effect.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: So if you if you use it to add to a
Timothy Sackton: If you use it to add to a
Timothy Sackton: Attack role, then it explodes and doesn't extra
Timothy Sackton: It does extra damage equal to whatever you rolled. If you use it to add to a saving throw it gives you a temporary hit points.
Timothy Sackton: If you use it for a skill. Well, you can roll twice and take the best one.
David Kong: I see, okay, I can use it, but only once, and then he goes
Yeah.
David Kong: Cool.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so this one who's not hidden
Timothy Sackton: And so does not have advantage is going to
Timothy Sackton: Run forward and
Timothy Sackton: And fire at
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: I'm gonna say you have partial cover just from the
Timothy Sackton: Angle shooting over that rock.
Timothy Sackton: So that adds to your AC. So what's your AC.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so the first arrow still heads.
What
Timothy Sackton: Are all the 22
ericrosenbaum: The. Fuck, man.
Timothy Sackton: So, ah, let's see, this isn't the one that poison. But this era was bb. So you take 10 points of piercing damage.
David Kong: And
Timothy Sackton: Speed is reduced by 10 feet until the end of your next turn from the pain of the arrows.
Timothy Sackton: And that will end its turn
Timothy Sackton: This one is going to run forward and hurl a spear at
Timothy Sackton: At Welby no yeah cuz you're not hitting because you shot it with an arrow and after you, you hit then shot right
Yep.
Okay, yep.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it'll throw it spirit you
Timothy Sackton: 13
What's your AC.
Timothy Sackton: That goes flying past your head.
Timothy Sackton: And now this one.
Timothy Sackton: Is just gonna run towards the rabbit.
ericrosenbaum: Excellent, excellent.
David Schwartz: So,
David Schwartz: They're still
Timothy Sackton: That's
Yeah, that's fine.
David Schwartz: On the same one that I hit before I still have line of sight to it.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you do.
Timothy Sackton: That hats and this one now looks almost dad as well. He's arrow.
Timothy Sackton: Slices into it again now and to Aaron sticking out of it, it's struggling
Timothy Sackton: Bleeding on the ground.
David Schwartz: With my movies. I'm going to just over there.
Timothy Sackton: Go over where
David Schwartz: should move like two squares icon to the left, just so I'm out of
Timothy Sackton: Oops, sorry, I just drank way for like here.
David Schwartz: Yeah, like one more to the left my idea. My hope is to be out of line of sight.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, like here.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Out the line of sight of
Timothy Sackton: Two of them.
Timothy Sackton: This one could still probably see you
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so let's see this one is going to see
Kate Sackton: Which is one incident.
Mike Sackton: There.
Kate Sackton: Will be
Timothy Sackton: No, this one back here.
Kate Sackton: I the rabbit una
Timothy Sackton: We not the one on the rabbit. The further away one. This one's gonna run up here and it's gonna you hear some like high pitch sort of keening how coming from it.
Timothy Sackton: And it will now let's see.
Timothy Sackton: I guess I can get
Timothy Sackton: One arrow at
Timothy Sackton: One arrow at Kenzo on the rock.
Timothy Sackton: With a clear shot, but that Mrs. And then one arrow at risk when
Timothy Sackton: Also a clear shot, which also misses and it seems to be, it's almost like it's trying to communicate something
Timothy Sackton: In a language that consistent mostly housing barks.
Mike Sackton: Like to attempt patriots.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, to his compatriots
David Kong: Hates it says send this guy farthest away is the one that's moon did. So the one that's like kind of over on my left, that's the one that's not good at all.
Timothy Sackton: Neither one of these are wounded. The one that seems to be going for the rabbit and this one here.
Timothy Sackton: Or not this one.
David Kong: If I do like a ranged attack. I can move afterwards. Yep.
David Kong: Yep. All right, then I will
David Kong: See, you see.
David Kong: 10s of, sort of, you know, still with it. I guess an arrow stuck in him now grimacing, but then, you know, kind of get sort of channeling some energy on on the top of this rocket sort of generating some motion and some
David Kong: Some momentum. And then, you know, you see this kind of a crackle of blue light and he directs it at
David Kong: This the dude kind of farther away that's not been attacked yet not on
This one.
Yeah.
David Kong: And
David Kong: I don't know. That means
Timothy Sackton: As this energy lashes out at
David Kong: Or she can I can I do the inspiration thing and reroll it
Mike Sackton: Is that better. Now you don't if
You don't make
Timothy Sackton: It this this energy sort of wrapped around that and cause this guy 123 smack against the rock and then falling flat on his face.
Timothy Sackton: As this like blue force, just like wraps itself around this creature than just smacks it's
Timothy Sackton: Also badly.
Excellent.
David Kong: And then I will also get on the other side of this rock so I can not be fired up by heroes anymore.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong: I'm gonna go over here.
ericrosenbaum: Runaway
David Kong: Only get tired of getting
David Kong: shot at by fucking arrows right here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, this one is now going to move
Let's
ericrosenbaum: go pretty fast.
Timothy Sackton: Is, can I move
Timothy Sackton: Before he moves. He's gonna shoot
Timothy Sackton: An arrow at Seeker.
What
Timothy Sackton: What's your AC.
ericrosenbaum: Very good. I'm
Timothy Sackton: Not hats. You take six points of Pearson damage.
Timothy Sackton: And your movement is also reduced by 10 feet until the end of your next turn.
Timothy Sackton: And then he's gonna
Timothy Sackton: He's gonna actually go like this, till we can sort of get a view at Dartmouth and will attack with disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to miss.
Timothy Sackton: And then continue coming around this raw
Mike Sackton: To attacks. That's a little scary.
ericrosenbaum: We're all gonna die.
Restaurant.
Kate Sackton: Thank you, Chad.
Kate Sackton: Thank you. Good. I think I'm doing
Timothy Sackton: Where did you send me a chat.
Timothy Sackton: I don't see
Kate Sackton: Oh, I sent it to Eric
ericrosenbaum: Oh, I didn't see it.
Kate Sackton: Well give me advice.
Timothy Sackton: Did you send it to me now. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Here. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: No, you can't. You can't. You can't, if you cast a spell. You can only pass the cancer. So you can do Spiritual Weapon. And then I can trap and then every other turn
Timothy Sackton: Into activated. As a bonus, but the
Timothy Sackton: First turn you passed it. You can't custom other stuff.
Kate Sackton: Alright, well, I will cast it then I like
Kate Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Where do you want to summit.
Kate Sackton: I think it would be most useful.
Mike Sackton: should kill is it 60 feet, you should kill this guy.
Timothy Sackton: 60 feet.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I would kill back guy and then you can move in to fight these guys.
Timothy Sackton: They want to put it like right
Kate Sackton: I mean, why does it have to be time that night. Yeah, right.
Timothy Sackton: There. Okay.
So,
Timothy Sackton: Click here.
Kate Sackton: I'm trying
Timothy Sackton: Well, it missed
Timothy Sackton: Okay, but you can still casts
Timothy Sackton: Catch up if you want
ericrosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Sacred flame.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. On the same one.
Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Trying to do anything.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that that kills it. So as you your
Timothy Sackton: What form does your spiritual weapon to take
Kate Sackton: My Spiritual Weapon didn't even anything that comes into existence. Anyway, yes. It takes shape Warhammer.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so your Warhammer swings past the thing and Mrs. But then as the sacred flames are wrapped around it, it dies.
Timothy Sackton: Okay down with your up unless you want to move this one.
Kate Sackton: Now, I think I'm gonna finally
Mike Sackton: All right, I am going to, let's see.
Mike Sackton: Wait till the poison goes away at the end of this turn.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: You already took a turn poison poison is going now.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Because last time you have
Yes.
Good.
Mike Sackton: Then I will
Mike Sackton: Stand up.
Mike Sackton: Let's see, that's going to take half my
Mike Sackton: mic stand up and she said, none of these guys. Let's see. Which one did I hex I hex that guy so
Timothy Sackton: This one.
Timothy Sackton: Here, let me actually I can
Mike Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: Didn't mean to be unconscious, but whatever.
Mike Sackton: I will, I will stand up and then I'll just blast the one
Timothy Sackton: That's Mrs.
Mike Sackton: And then I will move
Mike Sackton: That has
Mike Sackton: A cover from all of them.
Timothy Sackton: I would say it as total cover from two and
Mike Sackton: Not these
Mike Sackton: I'm actually gonna go go and
Timothy Sackton: Cover from this
Mike Sackton: Will go another I'll go and others were there.
Timothy Sackton: So that would have total
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so this one.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see. The only thing you can see right now is seeker so
ericrosenbaum: 1230
Mike Sackton: Yeah, secret not move for some reason enough move
ericrosenbaum: Yeah, I took cover near will be who has since moved
Timothy Sackton: In that heads right
ericrosenbaum: My armor class is 13
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you take eight points and piercing damage as this fear this guy runs up and
ericrosenbaum: I know I'm down to 10
Timothy Sackton: It's now your turn.
ericrosenbaum: Oh my god.
ericrosenbaum: And so if I want to run away. I have to, like, what's the rule for that again.
Mike Sackton: You can
Timothy Sackton: Either he gets an attack on you or you can take the disengage action.
ericrosenbaum: I should probably do that right
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I think you should go away.
ericrosenbaum: I'm going to disengage and run away and get over behind these guys like how far can I get
Timothy Sackton: 25 seat.
Mike Sackton: You get there so you
ericrosenbaum: Know, I just got I just got shot by that arrow that was all right.
Timothy Sackton: Then you can get to their
ericrosenbaum: Little man right
Oh, yeah.
ericrosenbaum: I'll take an arrow for you guys.
Timothy Sackton: Can I do anything else.
Timothy Sackton: You have a bonus action.
ericrosenbaum: Alright my bonus actions include
ericrosenbaum: Just the can trips
Timothy Sackton: Or anything else healing word anything that says if you click on your character sheet and click on actions and then click bonus action. It tells you everything
ericrosenbaum: Oh, I didn't know what that can I healing word myself. Yep.
ericrosenbaum: Hold you
ericrosenbaum: Do so.
David Kong: How many more of those. You got
ericrosenbaum: I can do.
ericrosenbaum: Two more. I have four slots. They did one I wrote earlier than I did. One more.
David Kong: Cool.
David Kong: So we ended up
David Kong: Settling 70 points left myself.
ericrosenbaum: Oh man, so I just wrote a five. So I add five
Timothy Sackton: Oh, wait a minute.
What
Timothy Sackton: I totally forgot the frog.
Timothy Sackton: He saw he can't. I don't think he can reach you.
ericrosenbaum: Well as he
Kate Sackton: Is Kansas.
Mike Sackton: Kansas.
Timothy Sackton: Knocked him against the run, they're
Not
ericrosenbaum: Where we get on that.
Timothy Sackton: I'll take that, take the damage way he uses those actions dash instead of attack you.
ericrosenbaum: Right, so a human self by was it eight there was
Timothy Sackton: eight points and piercing damage that he did
Timothy Sackton: Okay, because he had to stand up before you could run that takes half as much. So then he
Timothy Sackton: I guess he kind of just throw. I know he wouldn't just throw in the Spirit, same difference
Timothy Sackton: You'll take a point
ericrosenbaum: Okay.
ericrosenbaum: Okay, how'd you hear about fun
ericrosenbaum: So you should be at 5050 okay so
Timothy Sackton: Do you want to do a bonus action.
ericrosenbaum: I can
ericrosenbaum: Do the inspiration thing. Can I
Yeah.
ericrosenbaum: I'm
ericrosenbaum: Or wait. Oh, so I don't do the healing.
Timothy Sackton: I know the healing was your bonus action.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
So you're
ericrosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so this one is going to go.
Timothy Sackton: He's going to use this entire term to
Timothy Sackton: One there.
Timothy Sackton: This one.
Timothy Sackton: Kind of looks around slightly and I'm grabs at this rabbit as he is running past
Timothy Sackton: And gets to
Timothy Sackton: Gets to
Timothy Sackton: Their
Timothy Sackton: Guests to there, but
Timothy Sackton: The rabbit is like
Timothy Sackton: Fights its head off as it's running, which is actually
Nice. Oh well.
David Schwartz: Rush.
Like
If you're
Timothy Sackton: You can hide behind a rock or you can hide.
David Schwartz: In that case I will
David Schwartz: Myself.
David Schwartz: Like one square there.
David Schwartz: Am I enough behind the rock click there to
David Schwartz: Shoot.
David Schwartz: This is getting
Timothy Sackton: These two here. No, but the ones that hunters. In the back, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Is one front of you, though, is your straight in his line of sight, you wouldn't be
David Schwartz: Awesome. I'm gonna hide and then go for that guy on the lower right.
David Schwartz: So I
David Schwartz: Serve in a low crouch move backwards on to another arrow.
David Kong: Nice name in those days with the arrows are
David Kong: kicking our ass.
Mike Sackton: Yeah yeah
David Schwartz: First one.
That
Timothy Sackton: Are gay
Timothy Sackton: And that's your turn.
David Schwartz: I think with the rest of my move.
David Schwartz: Back.
Mike Sackton: Doing great job protecting seeker.
Mike Sackton: Yeah definitely a plus job.
ericrosenbaum: I'm still like happened my sleeping bag.
ericrosenbaum: Still around getting shot.
David Schwartz: I don't have my parents.
ericrosenbaum: Wake up, you guys.
ericrosenbaum: This has been a great campaign you guys too bad ahead, and this way but
Timothy Sackton: Okay, this one has gone to Ron, let's see, that's
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, um,
Timothy Sackton: I guess everybody
Timothy Sackton: So, so this one runs over here and seems do you
Timothy Sackton: Manage to just kind of hide from
Timothy Sackton: Well, the end Kenzo but everybody else you can see him just fine.
Timothy Sackton: Kenza Europe.
David Kong: What to do and not get shot by arrows.
David Kong: I mean I guess I could engage this hyena do these are both wounded right that the two that are the two better. Next, the rock now.
Timothy Sackton: One of them is very wounded. The other one does not seem to have been heard yet.
David Kong: Interesting.
David Kong: I mean, I only have seven points left. Also, can I, if I can. I do like my healing potion as a as a bonus act again.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, healing as a bonus action. Yes, I know.
David Kong: How much
David Kong: How much, how many hit points right get back with the question.
Timothy Sackton: I should say, I think it's 2D for
ericrosenbaum: The healing mode is to d four plus to
Timothy Sackton: The healing potion of healing is 24 plus two. Yeah. Yes. Either one has to be for
David Kong: Hmm. All right, let me see, then, what do you think I should do by run over and attack it.
Mike Sackton: You should try and kill the one that's almost that's badly wounded.
Timothy Sackton: If you run over to the one that's if you run here you can attack the one that badly wounded. If you kill it. You can run back without anybody getting attacked
David Kong: Alright, let's do that.
David Kong: I like that idea. So go right here.
David Kong: And then
David Kong: Attack this fool with my quarter stuff.
David Kong: And yes,
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I got that one dad.
David Kong: Super
Timothy Sackton: Wish smash it completely.
Timothy Sackton: goes flying across the field after being pummeled by your
Timothy Sackton: Force fest. Now with the quarter staff follow up.
Timothy Sackton: It's gone.
David Kong: Fantastic, and
Timothy Sackton: Then is holding a rabbit in one hand without adding a sphere in the other.
David Kong: So normally, I can do another additional unarmed strikes as a as a bonus action. But yeah, I have to move right. Can I still do that or is that
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can still do that.
David Kong: But at that better to move over to him.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you'd have to move within his reach, which means that he would get into
Timothy Sackton: A retreat.
David Kong: Yeah, you know what, as I might die soon I'm gonna go back behind the rock and I'm gonna drink my healing potion with
ericrosenbaum: Me once again.
Yeah. Yes.
David Kong: How do I drink this healing potion.
Timothy Sackton: So if you
Timothy Sackton: If you click on the person of healing in your equipment, there should be like
David Kong: Beyond 20 thing.
David Kong: Yeah, okay.
Timothy Sackton: It'll be on 22 before then. Just remember, delete it from your
Timothy Sackton: Alright, so you have to
Timothy Sackton: Click on the red 2D four plus two.
ericrosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That's highlighted in the chat. Click on there you go.
David Kong: I couldn't possibly only have one healing potion. Could I have
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you all have one. Well, you have
Timothy Sackton: That's it happened like my, to my
ericrosenbaum: Two charges for the healing mode.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, healing mode as two charges the potion just has one child.
Timothy Sackton: You actually reach effectively freezing
David Kong: My got a wreck on similar to your questions. Man, cuz that's this. These are very valuable. That was not that useful. But, all right.
Mike Sackton: Guys, good.
Timothy Sackton: Luck. That's pretty good, dude.
David Kong: Man, these arrows. Fuck.
David Schwartz: We thought about not going to read and so that just going to live our lives and
Kate Sackton: My family.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So he comes around the rock.
Timothy Sackton: You still have partial cover.
Mike Sackton: So be a 19 AC.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: One of the two arrows that he fires two areas that you want glances off the rock and just Skitters the side. The other just goes completely wide over your head.
Timothy Sackton: When you're up.
Kate Sackton: Alright, alright, can
Kate Sackton: On the
Kate Sackton: GUY WHO'S, WHO DID down here, like the greatest
Timothy Sackton: Rock That's one.
Kate Sackton: Thing will be your cursor and I mean cleaning
Timothy Sackton: That misses.
Timothy Sackton: You off.
Timothy Sackton: You can also move your
Timothy Sackton: Your
Timothy Sackton: Spiritual Weapon.
Kate Sackton: That's what I meant to say before you interrupted me
Kate Sackton: Yes, I'm moving my spiritual weapon to be close to the side because I already mentioned that before it was 20 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you can attack with that as well. Yes.
David Kong: smasher
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So we'll move
Mike Sackton: To
Mike Sackton: Shoot at the I'll just blast it
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: All right, so that sport 10 plus
Mike Sackton: 15 damage.
Nice.
Mike Sackton: And then with my last to move
Timothy Sackton: Okay seeker Europe.
Mike Sackton: Well, that's a little supposed
Mike Sackton: Spiritual weapons get Attack of Opportunity.
ericrosenbaum: So the, the floating disk tries to stay within 20 feet of me. So where did it and
Timothy Sackton: It'll move
Timothy Sackton: It's like
David Kong: capitated yeah you know as it moves over
Mike Sackton: Definitely no. I'm going to drag this guy 10 feet towards me to
Timothy Sackton: This one, yeah.
ericrosenbaum: And
Timothy Sackton: I would say it ends up
Timothy Sackton: Here. So it's like in between you and
Timothy Sackton: It's right there.
Okay.
ericrosenbaum: And that pain, a guy has got middle spear.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
ericrosenbaum: Middle and also
ericrosenbaum: As he got any of the Middle. Middle the bits of armor like on his neck.
Timothy Sackton: He's not wearing armor his neck, but he's got stripes, kind of like there's black holes and things around like over the shoulders and like around the sides like there's a fair bit of metal and contact
ericrosenbaum: All right, I'm gonna I'm gonna pick one of the buckles.
ericrosenbaum: And draw a little flame in the air and send it into the vocal casting keep middle
Timothy Sackton: So I think
Timothy Sackton: The auto takes for the image.
Timothy Sackton: And then has to make a con save
ericrosenbaum: Which
Timothy Sackton: Fail. So you watch as the as the metal on the buckle like heats up. Did you hear this like sizzling sound and he drops the rabbit in surprise and it's just like howling in pain.
Timothy Sackton: As
Timothy Sackton: Like the flesh is cooking as the buckle starts to glow white hot
ericrosenbaum: Cool.
Timothy Sackton: bonus action.
David Kong: By the way,
Mike Sackton: Yes, your mood.
Timothy Sackton: You can use your move to run away.
ericrosenbaum: Yeah.
ericrosenbaum: I'm gonna like head back here and then Kenzo and
ericrosenbaum: Throw a little inspiration towards
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
ericrosenbaum: So you have room Nick inspiration.
Mike Sackton: For
Mike Sackton: That does damage if I use it on an attack role.
ericrosenbaum: Yeah, it does. Thunder damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, this one's gonna run up here.
Timothy Sackton: Is gonna fire too long bows at risk when
Timothy Sackton: The second of which
Timothy Sackton: finds a gap in your armor.
Timothy Sackton: And strikes you for 11 points and piercing
David Kong: Image fuck
Timothy Sackton: Natural training.
Timothy Sackton: The second one, however bounces off your
Defenses
Timothy Sackton: And then
Timothy Sackton: So your mood is also reduced by 10 and then it's going to run 12342 there.
Timothy Sackton: 1111 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, now this one is going to
ericrosenbaum: Go and I guess I guess the disconnect again since I
Timothy Sackton: All right, it'll move to
Timothy Sackton: Like there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, this one is going to
Timothy Sackton: Run over an attack down with
Timothy Sackton: With its sphere.
Timothy Sackton: 16 that Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, well, the Europe.
David Schwartz: Move I shoot the guy on della
ericrosenbaum: You could probably hide under the desk.
Timothy Sackton: Well, if you
David Schwartz: Don't mind being a target I rather take it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you're fine.
David Schwartz: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: Neither one of those heads.
David Schwartz: And. All right.
ericrosenbaum: hang my head in shame.
I'll retreat.
Mike Sackton: Guys, not, that's not a good
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So actually, at the moment, none of you can see where the. This one is OK, Canada, Europe.
Timothy Sackton: There's two wounded ones here.
David Kong: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: There's one trying to come around the corner here and there's one that seems to have vanished.
David Schwartz: Right, because he's hiding it because we don't have line of sight.
David Kong: What to do here that getting like, shut up at four different things next turn.
David Kong: And
Mike Sackton: Run out and attack the sky and we could form a little
Mike Sackton: Center of the
David Kong: Year. Yeah, it's either come to me or I need to come to you.
David Kong: If I continue raises gonna be all by herself.
Hmm.
David Kong: Yeah.
That's true.
Timothy Sackton: That the ones you're done with are pretty
David Kong: Yeah, that's true.
David Kong: You should but
Mike Sackton: Come out and try and tell this guy.
David Kong: Yeah, but then I'm going to get shot at 13 points, how many points do you guys have
ericrosenbaum: 1115
Mike Sackton: So, come take some damage, like the rest of us.
David Kong: I've already taken damage.
David Schwartz: To my style.
Mike Sackton: You can take at least one more hit.
David Kong: I can. But I think for a second here. Cuz, cuz if I come out, then
David Kong: It's all four of us are getting shot at by all.
Mike Sackton: Three of these dudes. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We all go before them. If you come out and we can get we might be able to kill two of them before they go again.
David Kong: Um, do you have a studious have any advice you get like that because you basically almost the last time your advice.
David Kong: very cautious.
David Kong: Let me see. I guess if I come out, see, where's a good place to get by it fine on attack.
David Kong: Tim. If I tap
David Kong: One.
David Kong: If I go into the spotlight in between both of them actually how many moves right I'm gonna hop are gonna move
Already
David Kong: So if I go here.
David Kong: I get
David Kong: So if I go to that spot and then I can attack either of them with my
David Kong: Staff and then my secondary attack. Yep. All right.
I'll do that.
David Kong: Right here.
David Kong: I'll attack the dude directly below me.
David Kong: With my quarter stop.
Okay.
David Kong: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: That hits
Timothy Sackton: That's a solid smack
Timothy Sackton: This one is not expecting you to charge out and it's taken me by surprise, or this like whirling
Timothy Sackton: Order staff appearing and
Look,
Timothy Sackton: Looks pretty badly hurt.
David Kong: So much dead yet.
Timothy Sackton: Not quite.
David Kong: Yeah, I'm gonna I'll follow that up with another
Timothy Sackton: That
Mike Sackton: Inspiration.
Yeah.
David Kong: I use my inspiration I get to talk again.
Mike Sackton: Now, no, you
Timothy Sackton: Know what the six and
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Bad head and as you strike this burst of energy.
Timothy Sackton: This like can custom form of the ruin not been hovering on your staff.
Timothy Sackton: Or on your fifth explodes. I'm dealing
Timothy Sackton: An extra. What does it
How
ericrosenbaum: Does it
ericrosenbaum: Work.
ericrosenbaum: No green of destruction.
Timothy Sackton: Equal to the number roll. Okay, so they need a role constant
Timothy Sackton: And okay so Kenzo as you hit it, it's it staggers back slightly
Timothy Sackton: Looking nearly but not quite. Dad, and then this room on your fist explodes and this concussive force radiates out from you.
Timothy Sackton: Killing both this one and this one.
Whoa.
Timothy Sackton: It was down to one hit play.
Timothy Sackton: After the five
Timothy Sackton: So it's like ringing as this thing you know explodes around you. The ruin vanishing
Timothy Sackton: With a burst of force.
Timothy Sackton: So I think that ends. Your turn. Oh, you still a bonus action if you want to use that. But
David Kong: Can I move still
Mike Sackton: How you move to get here.
Are
Timothy Sackton: Five feet of movement last
David Kong: Sure, I will, I will move here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see this one.
Kate Sackton: Is
Timothy Sackton: Going to swing around
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Throwing its longbow aside grabbing a sphere and lunging twice at risk when
Timothy Sackton: With it sphere as it comes around the corner.
Timothy Sackton: Both times just harmlessly deflecting off your armor.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you're up.
Kate Sackton: Alright, I am going to strike with my warhammer
Kate Sackton: Guy who was
David Kong: Yes.
ericrosenbaum: Nice.
Kate Sackton: And
Kate Sackton: Spiritual can can do anything from that far away, but I am going to move it closer to
Kate Sackton: My vicinity for
Timothy Sackton: When so you can move it to Lake there. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: 123 or you don't, we don't play with flanking rules right it doesn't really matter if I'm behind
Now,
Mike Sackton: About I'll still go over there because that's more protected the other guy.
Mike Sackton: And then attack with my long sword. I will use a bonus action.
Mike Sackton: To move the hacks to this guy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Then attack with the long sword.
Mike Sackton: That's one handed
Mike Sackton: And then hacks.
Mike Sackton: So 15 total damage.
Whoa.
Timothy Sackton: OK.
Timothy Sackton: That one looks pretty badly wounded as well.
Timothy Sackton: Okay seeker. Your turn.
David Kong: These things have Jesus
Mike Sackton: Yeah, might have about 20 between 25 and 35 I think that these guys, some of them seems stronger than others. There was one that died with less had
David Schwartz: More than
ericrosenbaum: And
ericrosenbaum: I'm not sure what to do.
Mike Sackton: You can always tell people if you have nothing else to
David Kong: Do to heal me
Heal me out, man.
ericrosenbaum: Yeah, are you hurting. OK.
ericrosenbaum: I will ever
David Kong: Yeah, we're all pretty hurt.
ericrosenbaum: I love
David Kong: The least the least
Mike Sackton: I'll be hasn't been hit I have 11 hit points.
Kate Sackton: I've got 1310
ericrosenbaum: Hmm.
ericrosenbaum: I'm gonna send a healing word and inspiration over to Chris when
ericrosenbaum: And inspiration.
ericrosenbaum: Tourists one as well.
ericrosenbaum: And I will continue trying to take cover behind will be
ericrosenbaum: As though that would protect me from anything
Timothy Sackton: Okay, while you're up.
David Schwartz: Here is that
David Schwartz: I see this guy.
Timothy Sackton: Nope.
David Schwartz: Nope.
ericrosenbaum: Well, what's your path that perception, actually.
What's your
Timothy Sackton: Minus five
Timothy Sackton: Because it's dark out
No, you don't see
David Schwartz: Okay, okay.
David Schwartz: Well,
David Schwartz: Can we go back there again.
Mike Sackton: To him.
David Schwartz: And yeah, and
It is
Oh, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So,
ericrosenbaum: Actually that kills that with your
ericrosenbaum: Arrow. Nice.
ericrosenbaum: I'm going to get shot again.
David Schwartz: Yeah, I could cover.
ericrosenbaum: I am slightly larger than you probably
Timothy Sackton: Okay speaker and
Timothy Sackton: I guess all of you see it now this one.
Timothy Sackton: Starting running down this path.
Timothy Sackton: I get through about their
David Kong: Running away from us.
Timothy Sackton: Seems to be
ericrosenbaum: What we call those friends.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if we want to let it get away. If we can avoid it.
David Kong: No, I want to kill this thing on how far can I go again and go what
David Kong: So,
David Kong: This is 1020 3040 and there can shoot some darts at it.
David Kong: All right, I do that.
ericrosenbaum: I miss that.
Timothy Sackton: One.
Kate Sackton: Um,
Kate Sackton: I probably can't see it from behind that folder I gotta move to like
Timothy Sackton: Move down to like here you can see
I do that.
ericrosenbaum: This
Thing.
Kate Sackton: And then I
Guy.
ericrosenbaum: That's in range that as a super long
Kate Sackton: Range. Yeah.
ericrosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Bad hips and
Timothy Sackton: Right, exactly.
ericrosenbaum: Crazy.
Timothy Sackton: That's when
Timothy Sackton: Guiding
Timothy Sackton: Blast of
Timothy Sackton: Holy energy flies out and just
Timothy Sackton: Wax it as it starting to run away.
Timothy Sackton: Dead on the ground.
ericrosenbaum: So, thank goodness. That's her
Timothy Sackton: There seems to be
Timothy Sackton: Not
ericrosenbaum: Going back to bed.
ericrosenbaum: Research their bodies anything anything of note.
Mike Sackton: I mean, presumably, this was the six that we were looking for.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, yeah. It seems like it was
Timothy Sackton: Nothing.
Timothy Sackton: I mean they have sort of crude armor.
Timothy Sackton: Their spears that BB arrows.
Timothy Sackton: Know,
Timothy Sackton: I mean they're not carrying like treasure anything
Timothy Sackton: You know one of them has
A
Timothy Sackton: The one who was shooting poison arrows, who seemed like maybe the leader is yelling at the others does have like a necklace made of goat knuckle bones.
Timothy Sackton: Strong around its neck. Some still with little bits of flashing blood dripping off of them.
Timothy Sackton: But otherwise, they don't seem to be carrying much
ericrosenbaum: Growth.
David Kong: Did the weapons look like they came from another dimension or they look like they're made here.
Timothy Sackton: Look like that were made here. They definitely look
Timothy Sackton: Nothing.
Timothy Sackton: To. I mean, they look like basically just badly made weapons. There's nothing to write like they were scavenged or crudely constructed from
Timothy Sackton: You know what was available.
David Kong: Got it.
ericrosenbaum: But it's an interesting question. Like, where did these guys get armor and weapons.
Timothy Sackton: It is an interesting question.
ericrosenbaum: Like if somebody supplying them.
David Kong: But were there are two different kinds of monsters were just fighting was one were like the keynote guys right and then the other.
Timothy Sackton: Guys, but they did seem to be different. There were some that were more
David Kong: Skilled
Timothy Sackton: Yes, they're the ones that were fighting the arrows definitely seem
Timothy Sackton: You know, certainly.
Timothy Sackton: Clever and more tactically oriented and more skilled than the ones who just kind of charge that even were distracted by the rabbit.
David Schwartz: Those the ones that were like talking to each other. Also,
Yeah.
David Kong: Well, it's really not good news. If they're getting smarter.
Mike Sackton: Now,
ericrosenbaum: But they also we saw one fleeing which we hadn't seen before.
Mike Sackton: That's also true.
David Kong: I mean this this is a party of six of them and you know they they pretty badly wounded us, I think, you know, we should keep in mind as we get cold closer to Raven hold that any kind of strong
David Kong: If there's any kind of force there, you know, our, our ability to be stealthy and unseen and have surprised on our side is going to be important. I doesn't seem like we're going to be able to engage many more of these and direct combat with success.
ericrosenbaum: We're gonna need a lot more rabbits.
David Schwartz: We would call that strategy, partly successful
ericrosenbaum: It lost its head, um,
Timothy Sackton: Let's jack did that for about eight seconds.
Yeah.
ericrosenbaum: Yeah.
ericrosenbaum: No, it's a fair point can Zoe.
ericrosenbaum: We can't do a frontal assault on a fortress. If the fortress has these things inside of it, that's for sure.
David Kong: So,
David Kong: Well, first question is, can we
David Kong: Are we able to heal a little bit more this evening before we
David Kong: Think we're all pretty badly I think number of us are pretty badly wounded.
Mike Sackton: Can we grasp.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you can. You can finish. It's just past midnight, if you, you know, maybe sleep in a little bit in the morning, you can get
Timothy Sackton: A fall long grass.
Mike Sackton: I think that's probably the right. Take a little bit of a slow start in the morning and then
Yeah.
David Schwartz: I can take the watch for the rest of the night.
Mike Sackton: There you go.
Timothy Sackton: Yes. There you go.
Timothy Sackton: So I'm
Nothing else happens
Timothy Sackton: The morning is the rest of the rest of the night is uneventful wealthy.
Timothy Sackton: And morning Dawn's sleeping in a little bit. You
Timothy Sackton: Rise recovered from your
Timothy Sackton: Nighttime exertion.
Timothy Sackton: Say, you know, eight or nine sort of mid morning ish
Timothy Sackton: Another clear, sunny day, the planes ahead of you looking
Timothy Sackton: Sort of strangely serene and quiet.
Timothy Sackton: As you contemplate your next move.
ericrosenbaum: Are there any you birds around
Timothy Sackton: You have not seen very much in the way of birds.
Timothy Sackton: It's been
I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Certainly.
Timothy Sackton: You know when you left in that area sort of further south. Yeah, you'd see, you know, certainly plenty of birds here. Again, it's, it's, you know, you still have the sense that the
Timothy Sackton: Landscape is unnaturally devoid of animals like
Timothy Sackton: Normally, there's big hearts of antelope roaming across these planes. There's just not a lot that you've seen
ericrosenbaum: We did.
Timothy Sackton: On a quiet.
ericrosenbaum: We did just leave a bunch of human size dead bodies.
ericrosenbaum: So maybe by the morning there's a vulture
Timothy Sackton: Um yeah cultures tend to circle by, you know, they tend to sleep during the day. But I mean, during the night. So yeah. But as you're packing up camp like by nine 930 is it starting to get hot and the and the thermals, are you know wafting up. Yeah, you get a few vulture circling around
ericrosenbaum: If I use speak with animals, can I call out to them in their own language over you know like 100 feet or something so that I could reach them in the air.
Yeah.
ericrosenbaum: Alright, then press the Cast button and
Timothy Sackton: You can also speak with animals rituals. So you can. You don't have to use a spouse lot you can just take 10 minutes to to cast it without
ericrosenbaum: Oh, nice. Yeah, I'll do that.
Timothy Sackton: Without spell slot.
Um,
ericrosenbaum: Yeah. So what do I say to the vulture
Timothy Sackton: Good question.
ericrosenbaum: I should have thought about this. First, I was gonna ask you about the storm, but I might ask it about the fortress which is which is the to his closest closer to us right now where we are.
Timothy Sackton: That's a good question.
David Kong: We go back to the other man.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, let me drag you back to the other.
Timothy Sackton: So you're about
Timothy Sackton: Here.
Timothy Sackton: So I would say ravens hold is a bit closer.
Timothy Sackton: By
Timothy Sackton: Not by a lot.
Timothy Sackton: Now it's maybe like a days travel closer roughly two ravens whole storm.
Timothy Sackton: So that's hard to say exactly
ericrosenbaum: I want to say something like
ericrosenbaum: Is anything moving in that castle at the foot of the mountains.
ericrosenbaum: And I can't use like direction words are asking like, what's happening, because what's happening to a vulture is different from what's happening to us, but anything moving should be clear now.
Timothy Sackton: So as you begin speaking to a vulture
Timothy Sackton: Circles down
Timothy Sackton: To land and kind of
Timothy Sackton: looks at you and
Timothy Sackton: Says,
Timothy Sackton: Food
ericrosenbaum: Water
ericrosenbaum: Well, I put it over to one of the hyena guys
ericrosenbaum: So you're
Timothy Sackton: Welcome to this, but so it like walks over and like starts
Timothy Sackton: ripping the thing apart and eating for a little bit and
Timothy Sackton: Comes back then and says,
Timothy Sackton: It was like blood on its face, and stuff like that so black vultures head is all black. And it's, it's got like little strips of blood now sort of creating its feathers. Now it says. Say again.
Oh,
ericrosenbaum: Is anything moving in that fortress at the foot of the mountains.
Mike Sackton: Ask it where it's fed, most recently.
Timothy Sackton: Things move
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
ericrosenbaum: What kinds of things.
Timothy Sackton: Not food.
ericrosenbaum: Are they people
Timothy Sackton: Moving not food.
David Schwartz: There's a stream that comes out of the fortress and maybe that's a
David Schwartz: Beautiful. Mm.
Hmm.
ericrosenbaum: It seems to be single minded. What have you eaten. Most recently,
Timothy Sackton: very hungry.
Timothy Sackton: No food.
Timothy Sackton: And it sort of points North that way.
Timothy Sackton: I'm just moving
Timothy Sackton: Just things moving.
ericrosenbaum: Moving which way.
Timothy Sackton: It looks sort of confused no food, nothing.
Timothy Sackton: Everything moving nothing dad.
ericrosenbaum: It only it's dead things right.
ericrosenbaum: Have you been to that big storm.
Timothy Sackton: cannot fly.
ericrosenbaum: You can't fly.
ericrosenbaum: Okay, well thanks you can have some of our water too if you want
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't need much mostly just gets wider from the blood and things that kills
ericrosenbaum: Okay.
ericrosenbaum: Just want to apologize. Everybody for inviting have altered two breakfasts to tell us something. But it's just hungry.
Kate Sackton: After the vulture, and all you heard was, it was hungry because the rest of us didn't catch that.
ericrosenbaum: Oh, I asked if I summarize
ericrosenbaum: Fair point. I was speaking Bolger the whole time.
ericrosenbaum: But yeah, nothing.
ericrosenbaum: Nothing for it to eat in the fortress. But things were moving in there apparently
Mike Sackton: Hmm.
David Kong: So, I mean, it feels like we again, we're gonna need a wind. There's if there's any kind of presence of this fortress.
David Kong: We're going to need to be stealthy about this.
Kate Sackton: Do we want to go up into the hills and try to reach it from the waterfall.
David Schwartz: Or from the struggle in the month.
Kate Sackton: Know the peril.
ericrosenbaum: Okay.
ericrosenbaum: I don't know if it's the right of that one.
ericrosenbaum: Oh well.
Mike Sackton: Can we get a little it's hard to tell, until we get a little closer. Ray.
Mike Sackton: I doubt there's hundreds of these creatures. I mean, did the vault that the vulture have any sense of his things moving. You didn't ask it if it was like
Mike Sackton: Many, many things.
ericrosenbaum: That probably wouldn't have gotten very good and miracle.
ericrosenbaum: Especially about
Timothy Sackton: A not
Timothy Sackton: God is that it's
Timothy Sackton: There's very little on the plane. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: It didn't see anything moving on the
ericrosenbaum: Planes.
Timothy Sackton: In the fort. Sure. But there's nothing, Dad. There's nothing alive, there's a sort of thing.
Timothy Sackton: Which, at least implies, there's not more bands of these things wedding.
ericrosenbaum: Also true
Mike Sackton: In like killing stuff. And we're like,
Mike Sackton: A day and a half from the fort.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So I think we go as quick as we can. There
Mike Sackton: Yeah, and
Mike Sackton: See what I mean once we're in
Mike Sackton: Sight of the walls, we can see if it's feasible to climb around, see if you would see what's bad
Kate Sackton: Or less than one more day at a fast pace and then decide what we're doing.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so
David Kong: I mean they're basically are two outcomes here, right, which is if there is some kind of force at the fort and we feel like the five of us can take it.
David Kong: Then we kill whatever's there if we feel like we're not going to be able to kill it. Then we learn as much as we can and we head back to
ericrosenbaum: But that's not exactly what risk twins agenda would suggest that you have to do.
David Kong: Well responds agendas. Well, we'll see. But I'm just saying.
David Kong: You know either.
Mike Sackton: Guy in your hands if $100 is probably not unrest woods agenda.
David Kong: Yes, that's what I
Mike Sackton: Mean
David Kong: I think that's just barreling into this fort.
Kate Sackton: We fail my clan is not high on my list.
David Kong: Okay.
David Kong: Let's get closer. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Ride the next day is hot and quiet.
Timothy Sackton: Silent ride across the, across the plains and as you
Timothy Sackton: Know,
Timothy Sackton: As you're writing your now probably, you know, getting certainly within you know a few dozen miles of the mountains and you can see now off to your left.
Timothy Sackton: This
Timothy Sackton: Smoke and sort of smoldering blackness from this fire and
Timothy Sackton: This giant cloud just kind of hovering in the distance, maybe 40 miles off. But it's clear, you know, clear days and
Timothy Sackton: Basically just looks like a
Timothy Sackton: Thunderstorm that sitting
Timothy Sackton: Very low down to the ground like gray miss and stuff, almost dropping down to the ground and stretching
Timothy Sackton: A good distance across the horizon, like this is a a big storm.
Timothy Sackton: off in that direction. The mountains ahead of you. And I'm and to the right, where Raven sold his rise up sharply from the plane.
Timothy Sackton: You know as your sort of cutting across here. Well, you're, you're basically kind of following the road at this point because it has more or less directly
Timothy Sackton: Towards ravens hole and
Timothy Sackton: The road itself sort of goes up into the mountains and you can see now you're you're maybe
Timothy Sackton: 15 1015 miles at most.
Timothy Sackton: From the sort of
Timothy Sackton: Beginning of the foothills, where the plane rises sharply off into the hills.
Timothy Sackton: So from this distance, you can, you know, as the sun is setting you do catch sort of
Timothy Sackton: A glimpse of the way the layout of the mountains lies and you can see the sort of glint of water in the distance.
Timothy Sackton: From this waterfall. That's cascading down. Of course not. No, you can't make it any details are really see any topology of the terrain, but it seems like
Timothy Sackton: The road itself goes up through
Timothy Sackton: A low pass
Timothy Sackton: And then there's the bulk of a mountain. And then on the other side of this book of the mountain. There's this
Timothy Sackton: River Valley coming down steep cliffs on the side and you can see just
Timothy Sackton: This sort of very distant kind of
Timothy Sackton: Little outline of this wall at the mouth of this river valley.
Timothy Sackton: You should be able to reach their by mid day tomorrow.
Timothy Sackton: As if you had so so you can either basically I'm saying is, like, you can cut across the plains and head straight for the
Timothy Sackton: Straight to the wall where you can sort of follow the road up into the mountains to take you sort of up the flanks of the mountains. If you want to try and circle around the sides or something like that.
ericrosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Probably a better plan.
David Schwartz: To see
David Schwartz: You know down and better
ericrosenbaum: As anybody yeah actually an aerial view that beautiful. And does anybody know the height of this waterfall.
Kate Sackton: Where the depth of the river, you
Timothy Sackton: Know,
ericrosenbaum: What
ericrosenbaum: I like the idea of taking the road up alongside the valley.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so I'm
Timothy Sackton: Set up as you set up camp for the night.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I think.
Timothy Sackton: Is everybody after like about another 30 minutes
ericrosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, as long as it's actually only another 30 minutes
ericrosenbaum: Yeah, well,
Timothy Sackton: Depends on how I mean with you guys. It can be sometimes unpredictable. But yeah.
Mike Sackton: I was just gonna say midnight was about what I was hoping to
Mike Sackton: Actually wasn't married. It was hoping to stop but a web midnight's like my
Mike Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: You're gonna fall asleep. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Wow, we just have a lot of meetings tomorrow, and I would like to go
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: The evening passes quietly.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Night as as silent is the day
Timothy Sackton: Other than perhaps a few you know vultures soaring in the distance and
Timothy Sackton: You know the
Timothy Sackton: Occasional buzz of a fly.
Timothy Sackton: Passing by there really seems to be nothing at all moving in the planes.
Timothy Sackton: As you begin to know
Timothy Sackton: Set camp and the sun goes down.
Timothy Sackton: The wind shifts a little bit
Timothy Sackton: And as the wind shifts to be blown to the north.
Timothy Sackton: You catch almost
Timothy Sackton: faints now love this sort of sulphurous rot drifting across the plains, almost like the smell of
Timothy Sackton: Of flash and and sulfur mixed together.
ericrosenbaum: Is that coming from
Timothy Sackton: From the North
Mike Sackton: From the
Mike Sackton: North so neither Raven hold nor the thing
Timothy Sackton: No. Oh.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you're like, you're like here or something, right. So, um,
Timothy Sackton: I noticed the fun
Timothy Sackton: Things into the grounds.
Timothy Sackton: The land goes stale and
Timothy Sackton: Nothing is moving.
Timothy Sackton: In the wind. It seems almost as if the wind itself is only a way to
Timothy Sackton: Blow that to sort of move this now of
Timothy Sackton: Burnt rotted flash
Timothy Sackton: across the plains and
Timothy Sackton: And as as quickly as it came. It sort of fades away and you almost wonder if you
Timothy Sackton: smelled it or not.
Timothy Sackton: And as you set your watch.
Timothy Sackton: prepared for anything in the night.
Timothy Sackton: You drift off to sleep. One by one, except whoever's watching obviously
Timothy Sackton: And as the morning comes
Timothy Sackton: A quiet night.
Timothy Sackton: You are surprised.
Timothy Sackton: To see
Timothy Sackton: Travelers
Timothy Sackton: Coming from the east quickly across the plane towards you.
ericrosenbaum: Know,
David Schwartz: The open plane.
ericrosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Coming across the open plan from
Kate Sackton: From the road.
ericrosenbaum: From the plague lands.
Timothy Sackton: From the playground.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, a large group of people 2030 more
Timothy Sackton: Riding fast on horseback across the plane.
And Mari
Timothy Sackton: Make a perception check
David Kong: Good accepted as hell.
David Kong: God
ericrosenbaum: Can see, hey,
Timothy Sackton: I'm sorry. Okay. So, ah, I'm
Timothy Sackton: You can't really tell from a distance, exactly what they are. They seem to be
Timothy Sackton: Writing quickly towards you, though.
Timothy Sackton: Griffin your message, Kate.
Kate Sackton: And I would tell everyone right
ericrosenbaum: Hopefully,
Timothy Sackton: All right. Yes, that's a large screen 3030 yes
Kate Sackton: I'm confused. But what I'm seeing you do really separately seem to be
Kate Sackton: People on person.
ericrosenbaum: They don't
Kate Sackton: Worse people
Timothy Sackton: Horse people hiding fast.
Mike Sackton: When are they gonna
Mike Sackton: They're gonna
Mike Sackton: Be here soon.
David Schwartz: I'm gonna pull up the spyglass
ericrosenbaum: Tonight.
David Schwartz: It's my site, but almost one and a half.
Timothy Sackton: One and a half to two times
David Schwartz: That's right. That's right, yes.
David Schwartz: Could be no cookie in the one
Timothy Sackton: I mean, they'll be here in a few minutes. They seem to be they seem to have now spot at you and be heading for you.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I guess I just had
Timothy Sackton: Hey mean are they
Mike Sackton: I'm sure some of us hide maybe
David Kong: Should all this high maybe
Mike Sackton: I think they've already seen us
David Kong: Venus, do we know what's our the Centaurs. Do we know what they are. And we've heard of these things. And I've already these things and done more.
Timothy Sackton: You. I mean,
Yeah, but you would have done.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes, dealt with with definitely
Timothy Sackton: I think the doors probably would not
Mike Sackton: What would I know about them.
Timothy Sackton: They're so
Timothy Sackton: They're
Timothy Sackton: There, I mean they travel on long migrations across
Timothy Sackton: Across town, are they don't they don't really ever stay in one spot for very long. Occasionally, that they will for a generation, but they
Timothy Sackton: Don't build civilizations or or
Timothy Sackton: establish permanent
Timothy Sackton: places to live.
Timothy Sackton: There are there's they're mysterious they're i mean they're fake right so their
Timothy Sackton: Have
Timothy Sackton: Their you know their the ALS consider them to be.
Timothy Sackton: Wise and complicated
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: They are often seen as creatures that have some
Timothy Sackton: Although they're not not known for lore.
Timothy Sackton: They have a sort of intuitive connection to
Timothy Sackton: Other planes and especially to
Timothy Sackton: The planes of the FE and
Timothy Sackton: Usually
Timothy Sackton: The feeling is
Timothy Sackton: Your rarely come away from talking to a center with
Timothy Sackton: Without learning having learned something, but you might not realize it for a decade.
Mike Sackton: Where they did. They fight with the elves against Chima or were they neutral or did they side with him.
Timothy Sackton: They fought and
Timothy Sackton: Those that fought. Fought with the outs.
Timothy Sackton: There were some that were
Timothy Sackton: Once a neutral, but
Timothy Sackton: His hid themselves away.
Timothy Sackton: I mean so effectively neutral, but not in like you know I am a neutral arbitrator in I'm learning.
ericrosenbaum: And their spell casters
Timothy Sackton: Ah, possibly
ericrosenbaum: Gonna
Timothy Sackton: You're not really
David Kong: Notice any history of Dumb and Dumber.
Timothy Sackton: They
Timothy Sackton: Yes, they often are seen while they used historically many a long time ago they were often
Timothy Sackton: Traveling the plans before that.
Timothy Sackton: Before the Great War recently.
Timothy Sackton: Not so much.
David Kong: But
Timothy Sackton: I mean, in general.
David Kong: But yeah, but in a situation like this, like they're probably not trying to kill us.
Timothy Sackton: Like they're like problem.
Timothy Sackton: Right. Yes.
Kate Sackton: And they were like, We don't know much about them. They don't know what that is or
Timothy Sackton: They don't pray much
Timothy Sackton: dwarves are not
ericrosenbaum: Something that would have typically crossed their
Timothy Sackton: Experience and nor are they something that would typically cost yours.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you know they exist right
ericrosenbaum: You've no no of them.
David Kong: Anybody medicine tar before
Mike Sackton: With delta
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you probably would.
Mike Sackton: I have
Mike Sackton: They are
Mike Sackton: They're a bit mysterious and
Mike Sackton: Hard to untangle
ericrosenbaum: What would a big heard of them be doing racing toward us like this.
Mike Sackton: Let's ask and find out.
Timothy Sackton: So as they
Timothy Sackton: As you they see you and sort of ride towards you and you know it's like that thing in the world of the rings are they all kind of wheel around you in a circle.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: One of them kind of rides out and they're all there's there's a good two dozen of them.
Timothy Sackton: They seem to be
Timothy Sackton: Have been probably riding through the night or running through the night there sweaty and tired and
Timothy Sackton: Went see many of them. See, when did none particularly wounded that you can see
Timothy Sackton: That they are clearly
Timothy Sackton: Rather
Timothy Sackton: The prize to see you and
Timothy Sackton: Surprised to see anything here and
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: The one who
Timothy Sackton: who seems to be the leader who's, you know, has a they're wearing sort of like, you know, vests and
Timothy Sackton: Sort of green decorated clothes and
Timothy Sackton: Things strapped to their back with like leather.
Timothy Sackton: satchels and things like that. And the one who
Timothy Sackton: Sort of rides forward looks around it, you all and then when he sees
Timothy Sackton: Down with looks kind of
Timothy Sackton: Not exactly puzzle, but just kind of doesn't register the tours and a half long and glances briefly it at
Timothy Sackton: Hands over there when he sees down with
Timothy Sackton: turns to you and says, in good of ash.
Timothy Sackton: You are a long way from home and a bad land.
Mike Sackton: That is true.
Timothy Sackton: I would not linger. Where are you
Mike Sackton: What have you seen to the east.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of
Timothy Sackton: Looks around at the
Timothy Sackton: At the five of you and your horses and your gear and says,
Timothy Sackton: This land.
Timothy Sackton: The water here.
Timothy Sackton: Everything to the North has been sickened by demons.
Timothy Sackton: We flee now.
Timothy Sackton: To the west.
Timothy Sackton: And hope you have a good supply to drink, as you will not find anything safe to consume north of here.
Mike Sackton: demons have described the mock richer.
Mike Sackton: You see, such as that.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps something like that.
Timothy Sackton: I have seen
Timothy Sackton: I have seen a
Timothy Sackton: Presence in the water.
Timothy Sackton: A tie
Timothy Sackton: A rope that binds it to another land.
Timothy Sackton: I have seen
Timothy Sackton: Disease and poison.
ericrosenbaum: Flowing from
Mike Sackton: Does anybody else speak Elvis, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think so.
Mike Sackton: What's the sort of other way around.
Timothy Sackton: It sort of
Timothy Sackton: Looks around. Briefly, and says,
Timothy Sackton: All the infinite imaginings of the world are found somewhere in the great void of the divine
Timothy Sackton: The first of those any
Timothy Sackton: Sort of leans points has had over at Kenzo to preach hellfire and damnation to condemn those who do not obey to an eternity in the chaos at torment and pain and violence without reason or purpose.
Timothy Sackton: Those who preached and believe that those of his kind, created the best
Timothy Sackton: And then nightmares of the world, NASA stain at
Timothy Sackton: That is the land. I see at the end of this rope.
Timothy Sackton: We will not stay here.
Mike Sackton: I'll tell them that were
Mike Sackton: Actually, before that.
Mike Sackton: I'll ask if he has much experience of other lands.
Timothy Sackton: He
Mike Sackton: How long does centers live
Timothy Sackton: A few hundred years, maybe
Timothy Sackton: Experience experience as a complicated thing to measure out would you say you have much experience of other lands.
Mike Sackton: Go with looks at all. He sort of smiles sort of
Mike Sackton: Like not humored, but like pain sort of sarcastic smile while yes I would, in fact,
Timothy Sackton: The shadow. You are tethered to else
Timothy Sackton: Is hardly what I would call experience.
Timothy Sackton: There is a much wider world out there.
Timothy Sackton: You have seen perhaps a tiny corner.
Mike Sackton: And what do you know if the shadow
Mike Sackton: You are the first I've met who can even name it.
Mike Sackton: Course, I've been in these barren land since I returned
Timothy Sackton: I know little of what haunts you
Timothy Sackton: There are many shadows in this world. Many reflections of this world.
Timothy Sackton: different degrees of dark and light.
Timothy Sackton: All I can see is if you are not careful, this thread will grow to destroy you. And the godly serve
David Kong: At this pause in the conversation kinds of kind of just raises hand slightly. It says, You speak done Mari by chance to the center.
David Kong: Me.
Um,
Timothy Sackton: He turns and he looks at you and he says,
Timothy Sackton: I do
Timothy Sackton: Talk.
Timothy Sackton: That tongue.
Timothy Sackton: Such sounds strange
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: Mouth.
Timothy Sackton: I hear well
David Kong: We're on a journey to to ravens hold you know anything, do you haven't. Do you have any understanding of what's happening there.
Timothy Sackton: Have you been I assumed out with has been translated
David Kong: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: A little bit not
Mike Sackton: Yes, a bit about the best not the bit about the shadow
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um,
ericrosenbaum: Yeah, so the waters are poisoned and there's some kind of tether to
ericrosenbaum: Evil during a dimension.
David Kong: Do you know what's happening with the lightning storm to the west of here.
David Kong: Have you heard of this.
Timothy Sackton: He sort of looks off that
Timothy Sackton: Can we see it from here. Like what direction. Yeah. You can see it from here.
Yeah.
That
Timothy Sackton: We are heading there.
Timothy Sackton: I guess.
Timothy Sackton: I'll see
David Kong: Why are you headed there.
Timothy Sackton: Water here.
Curse.
Timothy Sackton: Living
Timothy Sackton: Not possible.
Timothy Sackton: LANs
Timothy Sackton: Dry
Timothy Sackton: demons, demons gone we return
But
Timothy Sackton: Like struggling for word. He says something in our flesh.
Mike Sackton: I'll translate it.
Timothy Sackton: That the tether to another to the other dimension.
Timothy Sackton: Well that remains
Timothy Sackton: Water poison.
Mike Sackton: Is this tether and a place
Mike Sackton: That one could walk to
Timothy Sackton: A place perhaps
Timothy Sackton: Or a thing.
Timothy Sackton: Or a creature
Timothy Sackton: The demons of the best to reach this world often
Timothy Sackton: Whole
Timothy Sackton: Their home with them.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know is now shifted down fast.
Timothy Sackton: I can see
Timothy Sackton: Fire
Timothy Sackton: I can see blood and hunger.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: blending of flash
Timothy Sackton: And these things do not come from this land.
Mike Sackton: I'll translate this
Mike Sackton: And is this tether at ravens
Mike Sackton: Are further to the north.
Timothy Sackton: We have traveled
Timothy Sackton: We did not travel into the mouth.
Timothy Sackton: poisoned water spreads from ravens halt, I believe.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I just saw your message.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: So I, I have not.
Timothy Sackton: I am not positive.
Timothy Sackton: Do you intend to continue North
Mike Sackton: We are helping the the Mari
Mike Sackton: There.
Mike Sackton: Defenses have fallen.
Mike Sackton: The boundary of the realm is
Mike Sackton: unguarded
Mike Sackton: And they fear what might be coming
Timothy Sackton: Why is this year a concern of
Timothy Sackton: Their ancestors ancestors ancestors created what is coming
Mike Sackton: They helped me, but I was very weak.
Mike Sackton: I owe them a debt.
David Kong: Dealt with. Can you try to understand more about this history.
David Kong: That he's referring to about, is he saying that humans have created this or that the done Mari specifically
Or
David Kong: Can you try to understand more when he's means
Mike Sackton: Humans. Imagine the
Mike Sackton: Place of punishment for their sins and sell it became
ericrosenbaum: A HIT. That's what are you talking about
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong: Tim like what are you talking about, well, I understand he's talking about what place of punishment.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you you know that
Timothy Sackton: God's are created from belief.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: And people don't only believe in good things right.
Timothy Sackton: And so
Timothy Sackton: You know as soon as somebody starts preaching about demons coming to take away the sinners.
David Kong: They exist. And I mean that is the ramp referencing historically like a cult that I would know about actually kind of do like an iconic
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it can do in our contract, but you get the fancies referencing like long ago history not like necessarily anything
ericrosenbaum: Oh, so
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so, you know, from what you've been able to pick up of this conversation you your feeling is that
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Many
Timothy Sackton: It's really only the humans.
Timothy Sackton: Not exclusively humans, but mostly humans who have sort of created their own
Timothy Sackton: Gods, right, like most other races like dwarves were created by God.
Timothy Sackton: And don't imagine anything other than what they're
Timothy Sackton: You know, the Bahamas, our parents, our, our same with half lanes right they, you know,
Timothy Sackton: All the
Timothy Sackton: The other races have this
Timothy Sackton: Sort of fixed idea but humans.
Timothy Sackton: THEIR IMAGINATIONS RUN WILD. And so this huge diversity of
Timothy Sackton: Of divine creation is generated by their belief and you get the so what he's referring to is, you know, the fact that
Timothy Sackton: Humans have imagine many, many things.
Timothy Sackton: And so, you know, the and those things that are imagined strongly enough become real.
ericrosenbaum: So, did some human think up
Mike Sackton: Now she was a dragon.
Timothy Sackton: Sherman was a dragon dragons exists outside of this. This is just like
Timothy Sackton: Playing like a traditional D amp D. There's like the outer plans right there's like one for each alignment and there's like the best. There's benign house there's limbo, etc. Which is sort of boring but
Timothy Sackton: Our plans are cool. So it's in keeping with the sense that gods are created by belief. So our
Timothy Sackton: habit and how
Timothy Sackton: But you get the sense that he's
Timothy Sackton: You know, kind of annoyed at humans for imagining this to begin with, you know, aeons ago
Mike Sackton: It's a grudge probably passed down from center to center for 10 generations. Right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, longer, it's not. He's not referring to a an event that happened 60 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: Right, it's just as just a you know creatures like this.
Timothy Sackton: That perhaps are more directly exposed to both the goods and evils of the other planes are
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps
Timothy Sackton: more prone to kind of look at humans of the
Timothy Sackton: Cause of these troubles.
Timothy Sackton: in a very broad sense, not a bird, not a specific seconds.
ericrosenbaum: But. So just to review the Centaurs motivation here they've come from somewhere. We don't know where
To
David Kong: Go from the east.
ericrosenbaum: And they're going to the store and because they think
ericrosenbaum: Because they can't live
Just have water.
Timothy Sackton: They can't live water has been
ericrosenbaum: Poisoned they can
Timothy Sackton: Say, because
Mike Sackton: Is is the poison spreading
Mike Sackton: Spreading West
Timothy Sackton: 10 days ago.
Timothy Sackton: It was
Timothy Sackton: Just I think just one small stream.
Timothy Sackton: Five days ago it was
Timothy Sackton: A few watering holes.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Yesterday,
Timothy Sackton: It was
Timothy Sackton: Everywhere we stopped.
Timothy Sackton: I would say it is growing. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Whether without bound or
Timothy Sackton: Contained in some way. I cannot say.
Mike Sackton: This is
Mike Sackton: FS works a little
Mike Sackton: Disturbed by that.
Mike Sackton: This is certainly
Mike Sackton: Dangerous news if it continues to spread
Mike Sackton: The
Mike Sackton: Know the
Mike Sackton: Humans of this land are not your concern.
Mike Sackton: But this feels like
Mike Sackton: News that
Mike Sackton: They may need to know to survive.
Timothy Sackton: The land is my answer.
David Kong: Heal the land.
Timothy Sackton: The tether.
David Kong: How do we do that.
Timothy Sackton: That I cannot see.
David Kong: Do you know where the tether drugs. It's powerful.
Timothy Sackton: He looks over at dolphins. Like, I cannot explain this in his primitive language. Well you translate
Mike Sackton: Yes, of course.
David Kong: I asked him the same question, but in draconian
Timothy Sackton: He looks at you.
Timothy Sackton: That is not a tongue. That has been the thing language that is not a tongue that has been spoken in many generations.
David Kong: I thought I thought it's tones might might might ring ring true in your years
Timothy Sackton: I am considered old among my people, and yet.
Timothy Sackton: That is far older still have you come by such
Knowledge.
David Kong: Well at the staff that we found that's got the
David Kong: The which I'm still fucking carrying around with me, by the way.
David Kong: Which has the which has the the runes, the
David Kong: draconian runes on it.
Timothy Sackton: Those are
David Kong: Not DRINK, DRINK iconic iconic. That is not what I'm speaking draconian
Timothy Sackton: Know I pride, you're speaking during Korea and they're just beginning to chronic he does not understand.
David Kong: All speaker at Korea. Yeah, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, okay.
David Kong: Um,
David Kong: But
David Kong: But yeah, I asked him still, you know, how do we how do we how do we
David Kong: What feeds this tether.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: World, we stand on
Timothy Sackton: This ground tops as hot as but
Timothy Sackton: One piece.
Of
Timothy Sackton: Vision.
Timothy Sackton: There are echoes
Timothy Sackton: And reverberations
Timothy Sackton: And when they touch.
Timothy Sackton: Power is formed.
David Kong: Target.
Timothy Sackton: And like, you know, the kicks up the dust says
Timothy Sackton: That
Timothy Sackton: ECHO.
Timothy Sackton: Is itself power.
Timothy Sackton: How this is formed.
ericrosenbaum: I cannot say.
Timothy Sackton: That extra planner contact
Timothy Sackton: That
Are there.
David Kong: Are there are other examples of when these contexts have happened either in history or that you know about now.
Timothy Sackton: Ask your friends.
Timothy Sackton: Looks at you.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of more closely.
Timothy Sackton: Or ask yourself.
David Kong: What do you see in me.
Timothy Sackton: I see.
Timothy Sackton: I see a spinal cord.
Timothy Sackton: That you can Paul
Timothy Sackton: In fact,
Timothy Sackton: All well
Timothy Sackton: And is now sort of completely ignoring Welby
Timothy Sackton: Power
Timothy Sackton: Strange times
ericrosenbaum: suspected that the Munich magic that I practice.
ericrosenbaum: Functions on a principle of residents between planes.
ericrosenbaum: You're stomping demonstration really struck a chord for me.
Timothy Sackton: He's looking at what he's looking at you like,
Timothy Sackton: I, I have not.
Timothy Sackton: Not quite follow your tongue but
Timothy Sackton: I am
Timothy Sackton: I am interested
Timothy Sackton: That you're kinda has this knowledge.
ericrosenbaum: I use minor allusion to make a glowing map of the region that we're in appear with like the mountains and the storm and the fortress on a plane.
ericrosenbaum: And then kind of like
ericrosenbaum: Why did not to zoom into where we are, then you see a tiny version of me making a tiny version of this map, and it starts to glow and spin
ericrosenbaum: And up and downward out of it. Are these streams of energy.
ericrosenbaum: And I point to the
Impressive.
Timothy Sackton: I am
Timothy Sackton: I sent you all. Well some of you.
Timothy Sackton: Have a deep interest in these questions, but
Timothy Sackton: It looks around
Timothy Sackton: This is not the place for such conversations
Timothy Sackton: Do you think
Timothy Sackton: What do you see around us.
ericrosenbaum: Lucy addressing here.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of, I guess you we need my people must travel
Timothy Sackton: I am
Timothy Sackton: Willing to listen. Should you have
Timothy Sackton: News or
Timothy Sackton: Questions about the land, but the speculation.
Timothy Sackton: You will be saved for a different time.
Mike Sackton: Will you take a message to
Mike Sackton: Carla.
Timothy Sackton: Carla, no.
ericrosenbaum: Did he say where they're headed
Timothy Sackton: West
ericrosenbaum: Dealt with asking where they're going.
Mike Sackton: They're headed to
Mike Sackton: I mean, they said they were headed to investigate the
Mike Sackton: You have a destination.
Mike Sackton: Where you just fleeing to safety.
Timothy Sackton: We did not have a
Timothy Sackton: Not have an end goal.
Timothy Sackton: We have a journey.
Timothy Sackton: That takes us West till we find clean pastures and safe water there. We may stay for a time as the fates dictate
David Schwartz: Grass.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
David Kong: If you
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I guess they don't really have. So what stomach. Do they have that's always sort of strange on a center right
Timothy Sackton: I guess I have both you and then horse don't mix.
ericrosenbaum: Yeah, I think so.
David Kong: If you, if you encounter any other than Lori, can you let them know that you've seen us and let them know this danger.
Mike Sackton: Can we tell them where the, I mean, I asked him again. Carol was not far
Mike Sackton: And I think
Mike Sackton: Needs to
Mike Sackton: There is
Mike Sackton: There are some people there who would benefit from
Mike Sackton: Knowing what you know.
Mike Sackton: And they
Mike Sackton: Are trying to heal the land as you are in their own way.
Timothy Sackton: Make a persuasion.
Timothy Sackton: do not wish to travel or bring my people. So close.
Timothy Sackton: To the humans. Why should I, what, what will you offer us. Should I do this, what can they offer us
Timothy Sackton: Do not see what the Dunbar, I have
Timothy Sackton: That will
Timothy Sackton: Help my people.
Timothy Sackton: And I wish to travel west and to
Timothy Sackton: Safety and clean water.
Mike Sackton: You're not see
Mike Sackton: How people together can defeat something that one alone cannot
Mike Sackton: Have you not lived many years.
Mike Sackton: Not recall passed by at all.
Mike Sackton: Never been one for one
Mike Sackton: This abyss. You speak of won't be destroyed by each race or each tribe or each person.
Mike Sackton: Fleeing to safety, the land will never be clean.
Mike Sackton: They'll never return to your pastures, you may find safety in some far western land as the land is poisoned behind you, but I know that is not your goal.
Timothy Sackton: Like clearly struggling to
David Kong: Humans are also rallying and army.
Mike Sackton: That
Timothy Sackton: You are, you are one of them, I think.
David Kong: I am
Timothy Sackton: Why should we
Timothy Sackton: Why should we help you
David Kong: Make a precision check to make
Sure.
David Kong: Anything useful.
The humans.
Mike Sackton: Don't help the humans because they know why they should be helped the humans.
Mike Sackton: Actually, why should you help the humans that there must be some reason why the Elvis. Find out the human stuff.
David Kong: You had a good
David Schwartz: You had a good
David Kong: Strong logic earlier.
That's true.
Mike Sackton: That's true.
David Kong: I mean, you went there and all of a sudden sacrifice all humans. What the fuck, man. You're, you're in a good place. Are there.
Mike Sackton: No, no, that was that.
Mike Sackton: Was a reason the elves would have
Mike Sackton: Like some like
Mike Sackton: He's in the Alps.
Timothy Sackton: The owls, think of themselves as like the or at least used to back in the day.
Timothy Sackton: Are the protectors of the world. They're like, we are the firstborn. We're the ones who can protect everybody
David Schwartz: Journalistic sort of thing.
David Schwartz: Right yeah children play with matches.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: There is no need for you to
Mike Sackton: I think you would find the ones you the ones remaining and Cara.
Mike Sackton: Worthy of
Mike Sackton: Speaking with
Mike Sackton: There is some
Mike Sackton: Deeper magic's there that I do not understand.
Mike Sackton: That
Timothy Sackton: intrigues me
David Kong: Oh,
And there
David Kong: It is right.
Mike Sackton: For one of your speed, it's been
Mike Sackton: Two days three days out of your way.
Mike Sackton: I hardly see it being a
Mike Sackton: We're not asking much I'm not asking you to join their armies and fight alongside them.
Mike Sackton: warn them of the poison that spreading learn what you can from their sages share what wisdom you willing to share and go to your safety.
Mike Sackton: That is a
Mike Sackton: Little thing.
David Schwartz: So well well he's been like
David Schwartz: hanging back this whole time. So he's
David Schwartz: covered a lot of ground. He's very like sensitive to different like cultural traditions and expectations and
David Schwartz: Trying to figure out like how, how does centers work here.
David Schwartz: For a long time. And so finally, HE'LL SPEAK UP TO SAY.
David Schwartz: In Denmark, because I really doubt this be happening.
Let's
David Schwartz: Say,
David Schwartz: They know their how to walk between this world and agreement world.
David Schwartz: Then come back again.
Timothy Sackton: I would like to see
Timothy Sackton: You say,
Timothy Sackton: I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Just to see like how strong an argument to make, um, but that's a pretty good on
Timothy Sackton: The South has been
Timothy Sackton: I fear.
Timothy Sackton: There are more forces at work.
Timothy Sackton: Than us or you or the humans.
Timothy Sackton: But I will ride to the south and find out about this dreaming.
Timothy Sackton: And I will bring them your message.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: I will ask you
Timothy Sackton: To do what you can. For this land.
Timothy Sackton: Clear the water
Timothy Sackton: Make these pastors safe again.
Timothy Sackton: And perhaps
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps to meet in another world again or in dreams. If this dreaming. You speak of
Timothy Sackton: Is
Timothy Sackton: Well, we'll see what
David Kong: What's your name, friend.
Timothy Sackton: My name is Darren Dros
David Kong: I reached we're just I reached down and find my god you know just kind of like rocks and stuff around right terrain.
David Kong: I reached down to find like a kind of like a piece of soil and you know I sort of break it in half.
David Kong: And and I pass it to him and I say on, you know, maybe we remember each other in this moment because we share your dream of Queensland and we will work and try our best to restore it.
Timothy Sackton: You sort of gives you a slight nod.
Timothy Sackton: Is sort of looks for a moment and you all as a flake waiting for a second to see if there's anything else you want to say.
Timothy Sackton: And then
Timothy Sackton: Says something in a language that if you know for a moment or two.
Timothy Sackton: Are just like storms past your camp.
Timothy Sackton: Heading turning now wheeling South
Timothy Sackton: Towards Kerala.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: As you now turn
Timothy Sackton: Traveling the last few miles.
Timothy Sackton: To the mountains. We will stop here as the road heading up into the past is ahead of you, the planes heading east towards the wall of ravens holds
Timothy Sackton: To write and
Timothy Sackton: Can decide
Timothy Sackton: which way to go next time.
David Schwartz: Awesome.